
                    Preposterous, pseudointellectual, poorly constructed, clichéd, impenetrably masculine, goofy and possessed of an indecipherable ending, Interstellar is the mother of all misfires.
                
                    Moreso than any of his previous projects, Interstellar left me largely confounded, wondering if Nolan had finally "lost it."
                
                    The old saying "shoot for the moon - even if you miss you'll land among the stars" has never rung quite as true as it does here.
                
                    There is absolutely a breathlessness to Interstellar, although perhaps too much of that is huffing and puffing.
                
                    I found it emotionally moving and... what I wanted in a good sci-fi movie.
                
                    Interstellar may not be perfect, but tent-pole filmmaking with such ambition and grandeur is always worth celebrating.
                
                    With the likes of Anne Hathaway, Jessica Chastain, Michael Caine, Casey Affleck, Ellen Burstyn and John Lithgow as supporting players, it is redundant to say that the ensemble adds so much more to a film that boasts excellence in all departments.
                
                    A contrived science fiction film without authenticity, emotionally and narratively.
                
                    A celestial tapestry of space exploration, time bender and heartfelt human story, it earns its place among the stars.
                
                    Literally reaches for the stars -- and comes up short. Despite the best efforts of a talented cast and writer/director Christopher Nolan, this film just can't overcome a script with black hole-size plot craters.
                
                    Interstellar is impressive. It is superbly made, and combines compelling thought about everything from ecology to the nature of time to a child's belief in ghosts into something cohesive and mostly engrossing.
                
                    The summary work of Nolan: apotheosis of his signature where he attempts to merge the philosophical and emotional in entertaining genre packages.
                
                    It's the rare combination of a film that's both enjoyable in the theater and afterward, hashing through it over a drink
                
                    Interstellar magnifies Nolan's style to a tremendous degree, but that also means enlarging his own flaws too.
                
                    For this critic, Nolan hits shy of the mark for cinematic brilliance but still manages to land a visually stunning entertainment in its own right.
                
                    Succeeds on a level that has been largely foreign to the celluloid-loving director: the emotional.
                
                    The planets in the new galaxies are creatively different yet familiar, beautiful and ugly, habitable but not habitable. They have their own histories and realities and have no interest in being colonised by the US of A.
                
                    The enchantment of a Christopher Nolan film, the sheer majesty of it, if you will, is surrendering to it.
                
                    Interstellar is an ambitious story, and while the theme of love transcends time and space is a bit shoehorned into the script, it still rings true. Matthew McConaughey delivers one of the finest pieces of acting on film.
                
                    I think the reason why I connected so deeply with it is the extent to which Nolan evokes iconic moments from silent films.
                
                    What is wrong with the movie - some of the messages are lathered on so thickly... yet the Nolan brothers assume that all viewers have a keen grasp of quantum physics, relativity, time dimensions and gravity.
                
                    The result is a mess. But it's a beautiful mess, and one that I wouldn't want you to miss for the world.
                
                    Watching Christopher Nolan fall short is still more exciting than watching most other directors succeed.
                
                    Nolan's refreshing love affair with self-determination goes too far.
                
                    ...visually spectacular, complex, and both intellectually and emotionally stimulating...[Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Visually striking, with an impressive cast... [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Christopher Nolan's spectacular film is filled with frustration, anger, and guilt, and also strives for acceptance and even redemption.
                
                    Eye-popping visuals, an ambitious narrative, and a heart-racing soundtrack; one of Nolan's best
                
                    Interstellar is why we go to the movies.
                
                    This intergalactic extravaganza is clearly in a class by itself.
                
                    Big Ideas served in a movie that is ultimately unsatisfying.
                
                    With all the rampant think pieces questioning the probability of every science fiction film that comes out, it's comforting to across a movie that doesn't really claim to have any of the answers.
                
                    Interstellar is a beautiful, irritating, awe-inspiring mess. It's the kind of movie Hollywood simply doesn't make any more - and that's exactly why you should see it.
                
                    Nolan does (to his credit) and his failure to engage us as fully as he intends... takes us to infinity and beyond, but it's likely you cared more about Buzz Lightyear than you will about anyone in Interstellar.
                
                    It's flawed, certainly, but its vision is undeniably appealing and ultimately the film's saving grace.
                
                    A film made with meticulousness and ambition, that achieves its tasks both narrative and visual with singular efficiency and grandiloquence that never feels forced. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Naturally, Nolan's desire to unite high and low culture doesn't always pay off, yet even when he gets pretentious, I don't hate him for it. Better a filmmaker who fails while overreaching than one who has a hit with Transformers.
                
                    Interstellar, though ambitious and thrilling at points, is too complicated and doesn't reach its full potential.
                
                    Interstellar has more of absolutely everything: more plot, more (stupid) words, more acting and much more bad acting (Anne Hathaway) than nearly all the year's films put together, as well as the most idiotic storyline of the decade.
                
                    It is a wondrously beautiful movie, with intense sci-fi sequences, a solid and talented cast, and even some thought-provoking ideas. This is not one to be missed.
                
                    Christopher Nolan is incredibly good at making science-fiction movies for people who think they don't like sci-fi.
                
                    Interstellar never feels overly long despite its almost three hour running time. It also packs an emotional wallop, if you let it.
                
                    It's his 'White Album,' overlong and overwritten, corny and self-important, and also a great movie. And yes, it can be all of those things at once.
                
                    Can we fly a spaceship through a galactic wormhole to Saturn? We haven't even put a man on Mars yet! It's another 342,077,666.43 miles from Mars to Saturn! Fuggeddaboudit!
                
                    Perhaps it would have been wiser to trim back on several of the ideas and present a more cohesive, not to mention coherent, story.
                
                    Interstellar feels like a collection of arresting moments and ideas that don't quite hang together.
                
                    The result is a flawed but highly engaging experience that is as frustrating as it is astonishing.
                
                    A blockbuster that's profound, poignant and exhilarating.
                
                    Too literal-minded, too conspicuous to leave us with a sense of doubt and apprehension.
                
                    Nolan's Interstellar waxes poetic about the universality of love and lingers beautifully on worlds beyond ours.
                
                    A dynamic left-right combo of spectacle and heart that efficiently covers over the screenplay's various cracks and crevices.
                
                    Interstellar needs to be seen on the biggest screen you can get your eyes on for maximum impact.
                
                    When the essential property of film forces us to believe in an illusion, [Nolan] has become the least-spiritual director in contemporary cinema.
                
                    This epic film will still leave its mark on our collective memories, for it succeeds in affecting us. However, a bit of humor and humility would have been appreciated in this journey, which takes itself far too seriously.
                
                    I can't remember an apocalyptic film that's taken less interest in this planet as it's destroyed.
                
                    This is a film rife with mistakes that even a rookie director wouldn't make. How this ended up being made by Nolan blows my mind.
                
                    This is one of the most beautiful films I have ever seen.
                
                    [Interstellar] is a mighty science fiction epic built upon seriously shaky science. Yet that's hardly the point when this strives so hard, so achingly, to be profound. And very nearly is too.
                
                    Interstellar may be a failure on a story level, but Nolan's visual virtuosity is still enough to take your breath away and root you to your chair.
                
                    Let's be plain. Christopher Nolan has made a lopsided soufflé of a film, but one with such fine ingredients you can hardly complain about the shape when you're enjoying the taste.
                
                    Interstellar dares it viewers to come along on a perilous adventure that is immersive, impressive, and intelligent.
                
                    Nolan is a well-appointed mainstream fabulist who uses a great deal of money and technology to no great artistic purpose.
                
                    ...after building up the drama of personal sacrifice, it feels too much like a cheat no matter how many endings are tacked on before the credits...
                
                    It's just a really weird film, the strangest and most misguided fake-Spielberg picture since Super 8.
                
                    This is a film where complex concepts of quantum physics and powerful human emotions are inextricably intertwined and the ghost that haunts the farmhouse has both a scientific explanation and a sense of supernatural power.
                
                    Visual splendor does not entirely make up for failures in plotting and characterization.
                
                    Interstellar is a frustratingly flawed film that reaches for the stars but winds up lost in space.
                
                    Interstellar is chockablock with philosophical ideas, visual effects and theoretical physics from Nolan and his brother, Jonathan, who co-wrote the script.
                
                    Interstellar is a grand gesture in every way. And yet, it's Nolan's most humane film to date.
                
                    For all the themes intended to rocket our minds into a futuristic escape plan, it's too overloaded with hopelessness and bent logic to get off the ground.
                
                    Nolan is one of the few directors with the ambition to tackle big topics -- like the fate of humanity or our need to explore -- and the artistic clout to bring that vision to a mass audience.
                
                    There are many words to describe Interstellar. Entertainment isn't one of them.
                
                    This sort of hammering, a determination that you'll "get it", distracts from Interstellar's effort to transport.
                
                    Though the family ties don't quite hold, Interstellar gives us an epic of space travel as desperate necessity, at a time when its science fiction hits perilously close to home.
                
                    You'll feel the cold on the Hoth-like ice planet. It's pure movie magic -- impressive and astonishing and deserving of all the out-of-this-world hyperbole. Too bad the rest of it is mostly empty space.
                
                    While it definitely feels as though Nolan over-reached and under-edited, there's enough eye candy and emotion to keep you from being bored.
                
                    This is a Nolan film, so nothing is simple -- or quick to the point. At nearly three hours, the film piles on the twists, wonky physics, heartfelt speeches and pseudoscience.
                
                    Watching Nolan's latest attempt to create something artistic, intelligent and entertaining on such a massive scale, I couldn't help but think that with "Interstellar," he's outsmarted himself.
                
                    "Interstellar" is flawed, but has the kind of scope that makes going to movies fun.
                
                    I urge you to stop seeking out information on this film, and instead wait until this Thursday and see it, on the biggest screen within reach. You won't be sorry.
                
                    McConaughey and his co-stars do a terrific job of underplaying the tech-nobabble and selling their individual moments... and Nolan's trademark big-picture confidence propels Interstellar through its near-three-hour running time with breathless style.
                
                    You go in to Interstellar hoping to be mind-blown, thrilled, and smartened-up. Although it's beautifully made, brainy and sometimes insanely gorgeous, you may find yourself wondering what the big whoop was all about.
                
                    As undeniably ambitious and technically accomplished as it is bloated, ponderous and ludicrous, Interstellar finds Christopher Nolan struggling in the shadow of Kubrick, Malick and other visionary filmic philosophers.
                
                    It's an enthralling, provocative, ambitious film.
                
                    Interstellar's themes are universal and some of the dialogue really resonates too.
                
                    I learnt a lot about wormholes and, while I can be entranced by the idea of saving the human race, I want a little bit of drama to go with it.
                
                    This is not only a tremendously exciting space adventure... It's also a rich and thoughtful meditation on time and space and gravity.
                
                    "Interstellar" is a grand undertaking, but in shooting for the stars, it loses its footing. It goes to infinity and beyond, when infinity would have been plenty.
                
                    That the universe contains phenomena eons beyond us while at the same time intimately close is a beautiful concept and Interstellar seeks to orchestrate its own moment of revelation.
                
                    Interstellar is a visual feast that explores the universe and an intimate drama that explores why love and devotion are qualities that make the human race worth saving.
                
                    There's a certain clumsiness to Nolan's longest and most personal film, a kind of earnest self-seriousness that opens it to parody and snark. But at its center beats a human heart.
                
                    It's a fairly s----y science-fiction movie, but as a metaphor for love it's kind of great.
                
                    Having set out to be a journey into what can hardly be depicted at all, Interstellar must find oblique ways of suggesting further imperceptible dimensions of the real. It is worth the journey to see what Nolan has constructed as a model of the unknowable.
                
                    Big on ideas and concepts but falls apart in the 3rd act.
                
                    A graceful, stirring epic and while it may not set new standards for the genre, it does give today's audiences a reminder of what visionary filmmaking looks like.
                
                    A remarkable achievement in filmmaking that will have you on the edge of your seat
                
                    Despite some awkward pacing, easy sentimentality, and pandering it's still hard to resist. It's not just Nolan's ambition that should be admired. He actually pulls off scene after scene of unforgettable drama in colossal scale, both in space and on Earth.
                
                    After the first hour, with its poignant depiction of humanity's decline, Interstellar always seems to be rebuilding its momentum, offering plenty to think about but little to hold on to.
                
                    Ultimately, Interstellar shoots for the stars but barely gets us past the soundstage.
                
                    Christopher Nolan's latest exercise in devising narrative lines that run laboriously in different locations and on multiple timescales to no great effect, other than to tell you that love will find a way.
                
                    The sentimentality and Hollywoodized convenience of the storytelling prevent this mostly admirable film from achieving the escape velocities of Kubrick or Tarkovsky.
                
                    [O]nce our explorers pass into another galaxy...things take on a new dimension of banality and the film, however magnificently conceived in visual terms, becomes just another space adventure.
                
                    A bombast-and-crisis megamovie, rocket-fuelled by gobbledygeek. The pummelling of plot turns and ratcheting of emotion-wrenches rarely relent. Forgets that we mere humans don't yet possess infinite patience for hyper-epic hokum.
                
                    It's a film I didn't exactly enjoy and can't say I would recommend. And yet as an event, as a singular movie-watching opportunity, it's undoubtedly worthwhile.
                
                    nothing if not grandly ambitious, and while that ambition is certainly admirable, especially in an industry choking on increasingly interchangeable big-budget franchises and starving for original ideas, it is also part of the film's downfall.
                
                    There's no denying that director Christopher Nolan's challenging space odyssey is exquisitely made. He's one of painfully few filmmakers whose every effort fills me with a sense of awe.
                
                    A combination of spectacular special effects, marginal physics and grindingly slow treacle, McConaughey pulls this one out of the fire.
                
                    The movie is complex and maddening, filled with concepts over the heads of most mere mortals, yet grounded in barely enough humanity to stimulate our senses.
                
                    Some of what ensues in a galaxy far, far away is gripping, but other sequences are prosaic.
                
                    Interstellar contains its fair share of heart-in-mouth moments, the previously untapped corners of space providing ample opportunity to mine fresh spectacle.
                
                    The pace is gripping, the central performances compelling and the action sequences thrilling.
                
                    Good special effects and acting but I didn't understand one bit of the plot. It is all Geek to me.
                
                    The spectacle is far more satisfying than the story ... Gorgeous, infuriating, exciting, confusing, stirring, boring, it's the film that's got it all! Totally worth your twenty bucks. Whether it's worth three hours of your time will be up to you.
                
                    Not your usual Christopher Nolan film. It is epic, has a sharp-eyed view of the future, and characters with real human emotions. I really like this ambitious, thought-provoking, uplifting film.
                
                    There's something weirdly touching about the movie's corny proclamations, because they contrast so sharply with the hell scapes Nolan keeps showing us.
                
                    With Interstellar, Nolan builds on the high-concept blockbuster template forged so impressively by his 2010 work Inception.
                
                    While the ride is a bumpy one and the destination is a bit of a letdown, getting there is a trip.
                
                    Interstellar is much like space itself - a beautiful, promising void.
                
                    The spirit of exploration and discovery lives in Interstellar and that alone makes it a cinematic trip worth taking.
                
                    There is no sound in space, but 'Interstellar' blasts its music, hammers in three voiceovers its centennial birthday boy Dylan Thomas message, and overstays its welcome.
                
                    An unsatisfying blend of Gravity, 2001: A Space Odyssey, Solaris and The Collected Poems Of Dylan Thomas.
                
                    Even more mind-blowing than his 'Inception,' Christopher Nolan's 'Interstellar' emphasizes the importance of love in a science-fiction tale.
                
                    If a movie is outsized in its ambitions to an absurd, awe-inspiring degree, how much credit does it get for only making it, oh, 75 percent of the way there?
                
                    If it's spectacle you want, then Interstellar delivers, particularly when viewed in Nolan's preferred 70mm Imax format.
                
                    It's an experience.
                
                    Cornpone existentialism ... Overlong, talky and, depending on the crisis, either dopey or pretentious ... a New Age-y, fuzzy-headed sci-fi'er that borrows liberally from Kubrick, 'Contact' and Nolan's own "Inception."
                
                    After stretching the boundaries of incomprehension with Inception, a narrative arc that challenges yet remains accessible is a welcome relief.
                
                    This is probably the most audacious science fiction film anyone has ever made or even tried to make.
                
                    'Interstellar' is really great science fiction. It tugs at our heartstrings while exploring our humanity, and at the same time it blows our minds with the wonders and complexities of intergalactic space travel.
                
                    I'm not too proud to admit I couldn't follow the convoluted storyline... Think, a remake of Gravity with a bunch of polysyllabic brainiacs borrowed from The Big Bang Theory.
                
                    What makes Interstellar one of the best, most enthralling, intelligent and moving science-fiction films of modern cinema is not so much the inter-galactic journey it takes you on as the emotional journey.
                
                    Nolan's attempt at trumping Kubrick's ultimate trip falls short because it lacks the old master's laser-like focus and magnetic solemnity.
                
                    It intelligently and in a masterful cinematic way weaves together a story that explores both the cosmic world and the real world.
                
                    The general feeling I'm left with after seeing Interstellar (is) a sensation of indecision.
                
                    Ultimately, it is human emotions not quantum physics that propels Nolan's movie to its destination.
                
                    While [...] imperfect in many ways, the whole proves to be far more than the sum of its parts.
                
                    Heartfelt Story, Great Visuals, Science Overkill
                
                    It's deeply flawed but also wholly absorbing, and it marks Nolan as one of our most ambitious, go-for-broke directors, unafraid to attempt Sistine Chapel ceilings while his fellow filmmakers are working with Crayolas.
                
                    The combination of NO green screen, incredible practical effects, Zimmer's score and a solid emotional core makes this Nolan's most complete flick to date. I had major nerd tears! See in 70mm IMAX film!
                
                    Leaving aside the flaws as film (underdeveloped characters, etc.), it is worse as a message. Deriding agriculture and hyping space exploration is even more fascist than "The Dark Knight Rises".
                