
                    Even if Love and Monsters is a little too similar to better films, [Dylan] O'Brien is a charming lead.
                
                    It succeeds thanks to its attempts to rescue the traditional cinematic escapism that is so sought after in these times. [Full Review in Spanish]
                
                    Netflix hosts a must-have blockbuster full of mind-blowing creatures and a spirit of classic youth adventure. [Full Review in Spanish]
                
                    Just its title, Love and Monsters leaves no doubt as to what it's going to offer. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    It doesn't break the mould, but Love and Monsters is a fun, fast-moving genre flick with its gooey heart in the right place.
                
                    Love and Monsters can't resist slathering on some cheese right at the end, but on this occasion, the slight self-indulgence definitely feels earned.
                
                    A wonderfully fun and thrilling adventure that surprised and delighted me at almost every turn. As emotional as it is enjoyable, Love and Monsters is a real winner.
                
                    With its amusing tone and touching relationships, Love and Monsters makes for fun viewing.
                
                    Overall, there's a sweetness about the film that makes one really want to like it, but it just relies too heavily on previous, better work which it can't live up to.
                
                    A hugely enjoyable monster adventure, thanks to a strong concept, imaginative direction, likeable performances and Oscar-nominated creature designs.
                
                    Appealing leads, a big heart and great monster design and splatter make terrific fun.
                
                    Dismiss Love and Monsters as a YA folly at your peril, because you'll be missing out on an end-of-the-world adventure that's as emotionally rewarding as it is monstrous fun.
                
                    My goodness, what a wonderful film. Equal parts, sweet, thrilling, and comfortingly familiar. And, yes, it has some of the best movie monsters in many a year.
                
                    Michael Matthews' imaginative post-apocalyptic comedy is equally entertaining and endearing, as it shines a light on the bravery and complete foolishness of people.
                
                    Love And Monsters is a blast, an unassuming, immensely winning monster movie filled with great lo-fi creatures and a likeable cast. As a template for making a leaner, less bloated summer movie, Hollywood could do a lot worse.
                
                    A good example of how to tell a story for the young adult audience... taking enough risks to find a balance between the generic and the quirky. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The overall result is still one of the freshest takes on the 'end of the world' adventure in a while, a marvel given the times we're living in.
                
                    It feels unsettled at times for sure, as though competing ideas are wrestling for where the film should go next, but Love and Monsters never loses its sense of fun.
                
                    Featuring a hugely likeable cast, plenty of action-adventure sequences and brilliant creature designs, Love and Monsters is a real fun flick for the whole family
                
                    Director Michael Matthews has invented a new sub-genre: dank comedy.
                
                    Plays it both sweet and silly.
                
                    A vibrant film of action, romance and companionship that, in addition to always entertaining, communicates a fantastic variety of messages. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Its high concept plot is appealing and well-executed. Full of warmth and silliness, Love and Monsters is more enjoyable than you'd expect.
                
                    It takes its own world and characters seriously but is willing to have a laugh at the expense of both, and it does a fine job of rooting in the drama in the exploits of an unlikely hero who could have quite easily been an irritant.
                
                    Clever framing, smart editing and some unexpected twists help keen the viewer fully immersed in Joel's journey, while the impressive O'Brien is helped along by some fabulous cameos.
                
                    It's not mock-heroic in a winking way; it doesn't seem so pleased with its own punchlines. It's rueful and shrugging.
                
                    Love and Monsters takes some very common tropes from different genres and mixes them all together in a strange, unique world. The result is wholly appealing and sheds new light, for me at least, on O'Brien's leading man potential.
                
                    This is a very enjoyable and entertaining movie despite a nonsensical premise. The movie is well structured and acted, and the monsters look real enough, thanks to good computer graphics.
                
                    Love and Monsters is reminiscent of the 2013 zom-rom-com Warm Bodies in its confident mixing of, well, love and monsters.
                
                    LOVE & MONSTERS is rare, and it could signal a return to more original films that aren't ashamed of their familiarity, yet lean into originality.
                
                    As directed by Michael Matthews the story has grit. Emotional bonds, including one with a very smart dog, forge Joel's resolution to move ahead, even after some scary close encounters.
                
                    Love and Monsters is a feel good movie in the most absurd of circumstances. You wouldn't necessarily expect to find your heart swell and a multitude of laughs from a wasteland world full of giant monsters but hot damn, Matthews makes it happen.
                
                    If this sparks a Giant Crab Cinematic Universe, I'm all for it.
                
                    Dylan O'Brien trekking through 80 miles of monster-invaded land to find his girlfriend...sign me up!
                
                    It has it all.
                
                    O'Brien is an easygoing charmer, handsome without being too showy about it, who gives Joel a pleasantly self-deprecating side.
                
                    More eye-catching than cerebral, this feel-good fantasy, conceived and co-written by Brian Duffiels, provides an amusing session.
                
                    Nothing too original there, and the CGI-heavy effects go only so far, but we have Dylan O'Brien's semi-can-do hero seeking his love Jessica Henwick when venturing outside invites the subterranean worst of Tremors or Dune.
                
                    Fun escapism. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
                
                    A monster movie, a quest adventure, a semi-romance, and a bunch of laughs. What's not to like?
                
                    ... embraces the inherent absurdity in its premise with an appealing playfulness.
                
                    The third act just doesn't have the payoff that you want...
                
                    Sappy...it feels like they wrote themselves into a corner...
                
                    It's silly, but with some depth thrown in.
                
                    A lightweight throwback to the PG/PG-13 teen action adventure films I grew up watching, Love and Monsters is a winner.
                
                    Terrific fun, a creature feature bursting with heart and optimism and no end of superb special effects, delivering a joyously upbeat adventure story that reminds us in difficult times... there's always hope for a better and brighter tomorrow.
                
                    'Love And Monsters' samples the whimsy of 'Fantastic Beasts' and the danger of 'Monster Hunter,' ending up with a romantic Young Adult adventure that's lighter on development but big on atmosphere.
                
                    Love and Monsters, at it's core, is a throwback action/adventure movie built for families and big crowds in movie theaters.
                
                    Charming post-apocalyptic adventure is filled with suspense.
                
                    In 2020, it's difficult not to see things through a pandemic lens - but the final scenes of Love and Monsters gave me such a visceral reaction that I could not quite comprehend that I was getting that emotional during a film called Love and Monsters.
                
                    Gather the family together and watch this entertaining monster movie and have a blast. You'll love it!
                
                    A post-apocalyptic monster movie with a surprisingly large amount of emotion. For me, this film consistently over-delivered on every single front.
                
                    There's a warm, odd kind of comfort here...It's not 100% natural, but it's close enough to pass for it when it hits the brain like a pleasant memory.
                
                    Michael Matthews' "Love and Monsters" is the rarest kind of movie these days: A fun, imaginative, genre-mashing adventure that was made with a modest amount of big studio money.
                
                    At times it is quite creative and others it feels way too familiar. While the monsters' very presence and actions don't make a lick of sense, they are at least uniquely conceived, even if the supporting characters are many times unnecessary formulaic...
                
                    This pleasantly silly-sad apocalypse, melancholy with a dash of optimism, smashes clichés and finds fresh angles on the familiar. Dylan O'Brien has a self-deprecating charm; there's a great dog, too.
                
                    Accessible but original, amusing but genuine, Love and Monsters is diverting entertainment complete with a hopeful message that may make you feel just a little bit better about the world.
                
                    Love and Monsters is everything you want out of a movie.
                
                    He already conquered mazes, and now Dylan O'Brien is setting his sights on monsters. The result is a fun, thrilling, and affecting coming of age creature feature.
                
                    [Dylan O'Brien's] a really charismatic actor and I think it makes it really fun to follow his journey.
                
                    A thrilling and feel-good post-apocalyptic rom com adventure that is sure to delight every kind of audience.
                
                    Love and Monsters feels derivative and safe, with its cartoon gore and offhand fatalism.
                
                    A rousing adventure with just the right balance of comedy, action and drama. An exhilarating, thrilling and surprisingly moving journey.
                
                    What makes the film such an enjoyable trip into the Monsterpocalypse is that its heart is as big as the monsters that inhabit its world.
                
                    Love and Monsters proves itself a pretty well rounded adventure for both its target audience and those older looking for a bit of escape that's still firmly rooted in reality.
                
                    One of the better post-apocalypses in recent years, presenting a familiar sort of ruined world with great gusto and comic breeziness.
                
                    Great mix of monster action, cool effects and fun tone. Also, more emotional than expected, which is great. Dylan O'Brien is wonderful in the lead. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Though it's moderately likable throughout, only when "Love and Monsters" gets serious about the difficulties of Joel's situation does it feel genuinely relevant.
                
                    Thanks to assured direction, a genre-blending original story, and an appealing cast of characters, Love and Monsters is a crowd-pleaser that invites people into a world that's very perilous to live in, but it's a world that viewers will want to revisit.
                
                    Most films approach their post-apocalyptic setting with a nihilistic dread, which makes director Michael Matthews playful sensibility a welcome change of pace
                
                    Surprisingly fun! Dylan O'Brien's best movie to date, with great VFX plus twists & turns in the script. Also, in never hurts to have an adorable dog in your movie!
                
                    I really enjoyed the movie.
                
                    It's paced well and colorfully told, even as it doesn't bring many fresh ideas to the table.
                
                    Love and Monsters is enjoyable because of Dylan O'Brien and some solid canine acting.
                
                    A jovial romp [that] proves Dylan O'Brien should be the next Indiana Jones.
                
                    Love and Monsters may not add up to a whole lot, but its choice to meld together a romantic comedy plot with adventure and monster-fighting action make for a fun enough spin.
                
                    A thrilling, fun, and captivating adventure that delivers such a relevant and kind-natured message of hope in a time when we need it the most.
                
                    Love and Monsters isn't especially scary... However, it's enjoyable and agreeable, both qualities that make it worth watching.
                
                    An excellent display of O'Brien's infectious imagination and comic energy.
                
                    It would be easy to brand Love and Monsters as derivative ... but the whole is worth far more than the sum of its parts.
                
                    An agreeably silly bit of seasonal entertainment aimed squarely at viewers who are perhaps too old for Hocus Pocus and too young for Texas Chain Saw Massacre.
                
                    You don't have to be a 12-year-old to appreciate the craft with which this picture is made. But it maybe wouldn't hurt to have a 12-year-old standing by.
                
                    A suitably fine boy and his dog adventure ... that would make a perfectly fine streaming movie.
                
                    An imaginative post-apocalyptic coming-of-age film...
                
                    If not for the legitimately delightful monster sequences, [Love and Monsters] would rate a lot lower. Instead, it just manages to get a passing grade.
                
                    A happy-go-lucky adventure through an apocalyptic danger zone.
                
                    ...the creatures remain fully visible in all their grotesque glory.
                
                    The first half does a successful job managing tonal changes and visualizing threat, with director Matthews getting the adventure up on its feet with personality and lively enemy attacks.
                
                    There's a kicky spirit to the whole production and the effects are first-rate.
                
                    A daffily lightweight throwback to the teen action-adventures of the '80s and '90s.
                
                    There's an undeniable, if unconventional, romantic spirit in Love and Monsters.
                
                    It's not as if anyone had been clamoring for it, except maybe those for whom the concept of a young Christian Slater with all of the edge sanded off somehow proves irresistible.
                
                    Perfect for viewers who think the Zombieland films would be improved if each joke landed with a thud.
                
                    Love and Monsters is one of the best surprises of 2020, as it delivers a unique and exciting world and cares about its characters and beasts equally.
                
                    Never actively bad or painful to watch, but the plot does feel awkwardly set into motion and the survival elements are rarely thrilling
                
                    Love and Monsters is a fun as hell, YA-style guide to surviving (and loving) in a monster apocalypse ... an entertaining action-adventure of self-discovery and finding the strength that lies within ourselves.
                
                    Love and Monsters offers a refreshing take on the tired apocalypse genre. It's a heartfelt, surprisingly funny adventure with a charming lead performance from Dylan O'Brien.
                
                    Michael Matthew's "Love and Monster" works as its own singular version, and doesn't get bogged down by fantasy mythology. Instead, we get an engaging love story populated with man eating creatures and an adorable pup that inadvertently steals the show.
                
                    Love and Monsters gets the post-apocalyptic job done.
                
                    Love and Monsters may not be a wholly fresh concept, but a clever script and Dylan O'Brien's charm make for a super fun adventure comedy.
                
                    Not the horror monster flick I was expecting, but something much better! A fun monster film filled with heart and the lesson of why you should step outside your comfort zone.
                
                    The resulting peculiar apocalypse tale is strangely hopeful and aspirational, leaving audiences in better spirits than when they began the film.
                
                    Love and Monsters does for monster movies what Zombieland did for zombies...but better! With a likeable cast, a strong premise, a lot of heart, and some of the coolest monster designs we've seen, this is a must-see.
                