
                    Relies too heavily on replicating the superhero movie formula rather than the intense martial arts spectacle it should have been.
                
                    As a reboot, Mortal Kombat has some kinks to smooth out but it offers enough promise for subsequent sequels.
                
                    ...it's undemanding, expensive-looking fluff that has nothing to say about our current predicament other than eliciting gasps at the multiple good kills featured here...
                
                    It's ultimately a disappointment because Cole's emotional journey is uninvolving.
                
                    It's half Avengers wannabe, half martial arts exhibition match, but, alas, all dull.
                
                    So much profanity, even I blushed...the first 20 minutes are beyond brilliant, but the rest is slacker silly and hammy light...
                
                    I had a good time with it. I enjoyed it.
                
                    It's a bold gamble to create a film that feels like the homework you have to do before the fun - and the actual Mortal Kombat - begins. And with a sequel yet to be announced, it's unclear whether the risk was worth it.
                
                    The 36th Chamber of Shaolin, Five Deadly Venoms, Eight Diagram Pole Fighter, The Mystery of Chess Boxing: a five-minute chunk from any of the above will yield more spectacle and style than $55 million of present-day Hollywood capital can apparently buy.
                
                    It's by far the best movie adaptation of Mortal Kombat to date. Make of that what you will.
                
                    Over-reliant on dicey CGI, the film gets bogged down in exposition and back-stories, and will have gamers running back to the 90s Paul WS Anderson film with open arms.
                
                    Not for the little ones, the reboot is far stronger than the 1990s version.
                
                    ... it would have been nice to at least establish compelling reasons for these guys to want to tear each other apart (maybe some kind of tournament would have done the trick?)
                
                    ...Whilst it's not a flawless victory, it delivers enough B-movie fun to satiate the bloodthirsty.
                
                    It's not quite a flawless victory, but neither is it a fatality for the series either.
                
                    Not quite a flawless victory, but a solid win all the same. Any future follow-ups would do well to give us an actual Mortal Kombat tournament to enjoy.
                
                    This entrail-spilling excursion does little beyond warning us about the long-term dangers of sending a vengeful someone to Hell. If there is an antonym for compelling, this is it.
                
                    Mortal Kombat feels like a lazy studio cash grab that throws in enough game references to satiate surface level fandom, but fails to capture the spirit of what has made it beloved for decades.
                
                    This from-the-ground-up reboot certainly doesn't skimp on attempting to make things more like the video games (specifically) and more exciting (in general)...
                
                    Relies a little too much on setting up the inevitable sequel, but as pure popcorn entertainment it gets the job done.
                
                    A total lack of story makes this martial arts reboot pretty pointless...
                
                    Mortal Kombat delivered on promises of larger-than-life characters and bone-breaking fight scenes. This could be a fresh start to a new franchise if given the chance.
                
                    Intentionally ridiculous, and presumably unintentionally dull.
                
                    While the movie attempts to take the best of its source material's lore and deliver a short, and fun experience - it does miss some possible home runs due to its franchise baiting.
                
                    Go-for-broke violence has always been a core component of Mortal Kombat, and this reboot succeeds because McQuoid and his team remember that, and have the self-awareness to acknowledge it.
                
                    While it does deliver what people expect of a 'Mortal Kombat' movie, this is just a darker, uglier variation on the 'super hero' movie or the 'super spy' movie except for its bizarro-world politics.
                
                    I know of no criteria by which Mortal Kombat could be judged a good movie. But, then, as I said, Mortal Kombat recuses itself from even being considered in such terms.
                
                    Yeah it's silly, but it's a lot of fun.
                
                    It's very silly but very self-aware about it, which makes it very enjoyable for what it is.
                
                    The flat script doesn't help this virtually unknown cast, who basically have to make their impact with kicks and punches. Only Lawson, as the wise-cracking Kano, makes much of an impact.
                
                    While some fighters get to shoot lasers from their eyes or create murder icicles our hero...grows a hard-shelled long-sleeved shirt and gets sticks on his hands? He's not given a cool codename, but he should probably be called something like "Under Armor."
                
                    Unfortunately, it comes with less-than-convincing acting, bad writing, many plot holes and incongruities and characters with the appeal of wood.
                
                    Another paltry reminder that Hollywood has abandoned the sincere pleasure action films provide: pointing a camera at a person in motion to showcase their beauty and savagery.
                
                    Get ready for action and violence, which is what these movies are about. Storyline, well, it is there somewhere in between sword fights.
                
                    it's the effort the actors and script put into the characters that keeps the story engaging, even in the movie's silliest scenes, which are frankly too many to count.
                
                    A dumb movie can be good as long as it's fun, and Mortal Kombat falters by never achieving that.
                
                    The prime focus of Mortal Kombat is mortal combat. Nothing more. Nothing less.
                
                    Amateurishly constructed, with precious little ebb and flow, it does at least provide us the answer to just how little connective tissue between bloody battle royales you need in order to reach feature length.
                
                    Mortal Kombat reboot is the kind of mercilessly stupid garbage that such language definitely applies to, and, if you're anything like me, it means you'll probably have a ball and a half with it.
                
                    The competent fight scenes look expensive, but none are especially inventive or memorable. Even the gruesome "fatalities" seem under-exploited.
                
                    Within the movie itself, it feels like there is comparably little at stake.
                
                    The Mortal Kombat movie excels when it lets the fighting do the talking. The rest of the time, it simply falls flat.
                
                    It all culminates in what seems to be a massive multi-part fight but then all the combatants realize that love is stronger than hate and put down their weapons and hug it out. Ha! No way, dude, just kidding. It's a full-on gore-fest of fight porn.
                
                    Sure it is definitely aimed for a target audience but those who stumble in can have a thrill ride on the action and violence.
                
                    Mortal Kombat is a deeply flawed film...However, if you're a fan of the franchise, you might well find some things to like here. It is bloody, dumb and bloody dumb - but sometimes, isn't that just what you're looking for?
                
                    Despite ... the best-looking and best-sounding adaptation of the game to date - the visuals and direction are hampered by editors ... damaging reliance on choppiness.
                
                    Solid fighting. Performances were a bit uneven but the Sub-Zero scenes alone were worth a viewing.
                
                    This is a pretty good place for the new series to start from. It can only get better from here.
                
                    Combining gore-soaked fight moves, familiar characters and a dash of self-referential wit, it's one of the best video-game adaptations to date.
                
                    I personally missed the campiness of the original film, but loved the epic fight sequences in this film!
                
                    As rejuvenated intellectual property timed to an increasingly vaccinated world's need for popcorn, "Mortal Kombat" wins this round.
                
                    The characters won't change your life (Kano is fun)...hell you'll probably forget most of them pretty quickly. But the worldbuilding is easily digested and the film knows exactly what it is. What more could a MK novice ask for?
                
                    Mortal Kombat is fun and gory, but there are some pretty significant problems with it (the main one being Kano).
                
                    A whole lot of extremely labored, tedious world-building, periodically interrupted by impressively violent hand-to-hand fighting scenes.
                
                    The checkered legacy of video-game adaptations yields another roundhouse kick to the groin.
                
                    If you aren't prepared for light eye rolling and regularly questioning "Why would they do that?", then you won't get to succumb to the raucously silly, easily forgettable, highly consumable fun it has potential to be.
                
                    Mortal Kombat feels more like a cinematic appetizer than a full movie meal. The action is there, but it lacks the epic world building the source material provides.
                
                    As long as debuting director Simon McQuoid keeps the action and carnage coming, it's possible to enjoy this nonsense, in a mindless sort of way.
                
                    Well, it's better than Angry Birds, I'll give it that much.
                
                    Is Warner Bros.' and Simon McQuoid's reboot perfect? No. But hot damn it is good!
                
                    A bloody and violent extravaganza that delivers exactly what it promises.
                
                    The dedication to the iconic video game is admirable, and there's some standout moments. But the Intent on setting up a universe rather than telling its own story bogs it down.
                
                    Much as I had fun with this movie and will praise aspects of it, like the fights, like Josh Lawson as Kano, I still came away ultimately feeling like "you would have been a better film if you hadn't been so worried about not looking like the 90s version."
                
                    Most Mortal Kombat fans -- especially hardcore Mortal Kombat fans -- will find enjoyment in this movie. I certainly laughed a lot and had fun while people were brutally killed.
                
                    By the time the fights are finished (for now) and Mortal Kombat hints at a would-be sequel in its final shot, you'll probably be checked out mentally.
                
                    This new movie is not necessarily terrible and the casting is great. It just has to aim higher when it obviously can.
                
                    For those that are looking to have the same experience as playing the video games, it might be more beneficial to just play the video games.
                
                    Mortal Kombat is one of those rarest of creatures: a video game movie adaptation that actually works, and does so by leaning into everything that makes both video games and movies fun.
                
                    Say what you will about the '95 Mortal Kombat, but screenwriter Kevin Droney... understood that knowing the characters put into play what was necessary so that the fights, as ridiculous as they were, had substance. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    There really isn't much more that can be said regarding the plot. But the fight choreography is dynamic, energetic, and fun, and each battle ends with a legendary fatality. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The new Mortal Kombat dramatically improves on its previous films and is still an incredibly fun movie to watch.
                
                    Mortal Kombat delivers on the action and gore but slows its momentum by trying to make the audience emotionally invested in an original made-for-movie character.
                
                    Simon McQuoid manages to do two things with his reboot. First, he replicates the violent atmosphere of the Midway game which should satisfy fans, and second, he delivers an entertaining thrill ride for non-gamers with plenty of blood and gore.
                
                    Mortal Kombat puts the "brutal" in brutality and the "kom" in kome on...
                
                    With so many characters, the movie spends too much time on discovery and not enough on showing those powers in action.
                
                    Mortal Kombat is slickly made but hollow, offering little to anyone who isn't deeply invested in the franchise. It may be a good tie-in to the video game series but it's a bad motion picture.
                
                    As far as film adaptations of video games go, "Mortal Kombat" is a flawless victory.
                
                    I wouldn't call Mortal Kombat a flawless victory, but it's a victory all the same.
                
                    Though lacking the kitschy charms of the 1995 movie, this slick, ultra-bloody reboot should deliver enough stylish mayhem to satisfy fans of the series.
                
                    ... feels small, less like it has anything to do with "the fate of billions" and more like a series of incidental grudge matches... the opening scene feel(s) like a deplorable bait-and-switch.
                
                    Mortal Kombat is a serviceable enough martial arts actioner, but longtime fans will enjoy it a whole lot more.
                
                    The violence and gore that made the video game subversive and interesting in 1992 seem quaint and even boring in 2021, but the reboot entertains you enough to be passably acceptable
                
                    If you're a "Mortal Kombat" fan, your best bet is to stick to the video game.
                
                    A toothless bore of an action film, with a scant side of fun moments.
                
                    "The bloody game finally gets its gory due as the relentless action flick gives us almost two hours of extreme violence, surprisingly big doses of humor, and a little backstory. It's not a flawless victory, but thankfully it's not a fatality."
                
                    [It] really, truly wants to get Mortal Kombat done Right, from its lore to its decapitations. It's far from a flawless victory, but it definitely wins the first battle.
                
                    It has little of critical value to offer accept vulgar escapist entertainment over its silly, dark, juvenile fantasy story.
                
                    A workmanlike adaptation. Bloodily entertaining, but sometimes klumsy and bland. After 25 years of accumulated prospects, I expected a little more. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Thank Josh Lawson's Kano for raising this movie above a simple checklist of fan service. Starts strong before it crumbles under the weight of stuffing in too much game detail. Not good, but that's exactly what fans of the game will love.
                
                    It's exactly what you'd expect from the poster, the trailer, and the fact that it's based on a video game.
                
                    Fresh take on an action film, combining the chop socky of grindhouse ninja with the modern superhero take on good /bad guys. And it's rated R! Give me a game controller, stat!
                
                    It's not trying to be something it's not. It's giving into what people like about Mortal Kombat the game, and in that sense, I applaud it.
                
                    McQuoid's film may lack in substantive departments, but his spirited effort relishes the game's adoration for creative carnage.
                
                    The good news is that Mortal Kombat easily reaches the upper echelons of video game adaptations. The bad news is that it's an embarrassingly low bar.
                
                    So, this video game adaptation exists in a sort of nether realm of shitty movies where it will pique interest for a few months and then vanish from our collective memory, living on only for the hardest of hardcore fans.
                
                    Mortal Kombat wages grim, vapid battle in its film adaptation...
                
                    Mortal Kombat's reboot is a bloody awesome adaptation of the famed video game franchise. The martial arts choreography, superb visual effects, and insane fatalities are a marked improvement over the previous iterations.
                
                    The titular video game series became a lasting cultural entity because of its gruesome fatalities, and its R-rated movie holds up that end of the bargain.
                
                    This one's rated-R, which means we finally get to see the bloody finishing moves in all their CGI glory and everybody says the f-word really ostentatiously like they're in Middle School, or 'Logan.'
                
                    If you embrace that inner child, high on sugar and eye-popping violence, "Mortal Kombat" proves to be, while not quite a "flawless victory," a fun one nevertheless.
                
                    Great storytelling isn't the point. Fights are. So, how are those fights? They're fun!
                
                    For fans of the games, or fans of martial arts films with mystical themes, Mortal Kombat wins.
                
                    There is some fun to be had in it, but I want to see the next movie.
                
                    A violent and entertaining ride that fans have been waiting for. It's got a lot of room for improvement, especially if it had taken itself more seriously.
                
                    It's solid entertainment -- refreshing, even, for finding ways to navigate the familiar pivots on its own terms. Most importantly, it does what is, ultimately, its main job. It tees us up for the sequel. And plenty of us will be eager to watch it.
                
                    If you shed tears over your beloved memories of Kombat's gross and hyperbolic violence, it's a FLAWED VICTORY.
                
                    It finds its footing in the second half and delivers a gleefully cheesy and entertaining take on one of gaming's most historic franchises and a solid starting point for future films.
                
                    Mortal Kombat is a tolerable exercise in mythology and world building up to that point, but then the movie devolves into an extended training sequence, and the story, such as it is, sort of grinds to a halt.
                
                    When the blood-spattered action starts, it is quite impressive. Simon McQuoid, making his feature directing debut right out of a career in commercials, sounds it could like a recipe for disaster, but it works.
                
                    The highly anticipated Rated R flick is one of the most enjoyable, gory, and faithful video adaptations ever made to date.
                
                    Hard to argue this doesn't deliver exactly what it promises: brutal violence, incoherent lore dumps, and dorky plot contrivances.
                
                    Silly, yes, but once we get past these unavoidable parameters, McQuoid speeds through exposition at breakneck speed, and then sails through an endless assortment of well-choreographed and often quite visceral fight sequences.
                
                    Mortal Kombat has always been an intricately dumb idea from a mythology standpoint, which is not a bad thing, and this new movie adaptation takes that dumb material far too seriously.
                
                    Not as drastic an improvement on the 1995 film in terms of story or character as one might have hoped, but still an excellent delivery system for violence and brutality.
                
                    The Mortal Kombat film bar is low. But this gory entry clears it thanks in large part to fine cast.
                
                    What fans really want are elaborately choreographed showdowns and gruesome fatalities, and when it comes to that stuff, this film is pretty damn great.
                
                    This is a film that is so concerned with creating its world and setting up future sequels that it evidently ran out of the time, energy and inspiration to create a story or characters interesting enough to fill that world.
                
                    Drink deep, my friends. It delivers the goods--if by "goods" you mean everything you wanted from a hard-R Mortal Kombat.
                
                    The humor is much needed, as "Mortal Kombat" is at its worst when it takes itself seriously. But it's a bloody good time for the target audience, and my excitement to be back in a movie theater elevated the enjoyment.
                
                    With the type of violence that fans of the series will love to see, it can at least claim that it's no longer watering down the most famous aspect of the game on which it's based.
                
                    And this is why Mortal Kombat fails, in the end. The filmmakers seem almost embarrassed for the movie to be about a martial-arts tournament.
                
                    Pointless, gross, idiotic, and fun, and will make you feel dirtier for having watched it, just like the video game.
                
                    Mortal Kombat arrives with an R16 sticker firmly attached to the poster and just about enough good ideas to lift it somewhere near the top rung of video game movies.
                
                    A bloody action movie that will make fans of the video game squeal with glee, even if non-fans can skip it. Will Baby Boomers lack the nostalgia? Probably, but those of us who grew up with it will shout, "Finish him!"
                
                    More milquetoast than toasty.
                
                    It serves two masters poorly, operating as both junky fan-service and alienating introduction to those looking to try out a new universe.
                
                    This new adaptation of the popular video game series known for its bloodshed isn't much fun.
                
                    This gory film is so overstuffed with characters, tales, myths and lore, that it becomes a real chore to watch and follow. Put your mind in neutral to watch the action and you'll be ok.
                
                    It is as if first-time director Simon McQuiod read the screenplay and decided to rely on foul language, gruesome kills, and buckets of comic blood to, in a sense, overwhelm and hide narrative deficiencies.
                
                    Most hardcore fans will enjoy, but as a longtime fan of the video game series, can't help but feel it should've been better. Tone, action choreography, main character, left me disappointed. It's been 26 years. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    It's vicious, yet clever fun, doing the original source material proud.
                
                    Mortal Kombat delivers essentially what it promises, catchphrases and all.
                
                    It might appease and please those diehard fans, but it's unlikely going to make converts out of anyone else or even just entertain them. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
                
                    It sure doesn't feel like the cinematic fatality that fans truly deserve after all these years of fighting.
                
                    Fans of "Mortal Kombat" can breathe a sigh of relief, as can any audiences looking for a large-scale blockbuster that doesn't take itself too seriously. It's a minor victory, not a flawless one.
                
                    Simon McQuoid's new adaptation is a mostly joyless slog that can't even deliver exhilarating fights.
                
                    While Mortal Kombat certainly isn't "Game Over" for the iconic franchise, a painfully bad plot proves to be a "Fatality" for a movie that features some otherwise brutal and excellent fight scenes. If you're only here for those, add another star.
                
                    Mortal Kombat knows its audience. Weak story and gratuitous violence.
                
                    How's the kombat? The answer is: mortal.
                
                    The real heroes here are the visual effects department, who turn every fight into a vivid, fantastical bloodbath.
                