
                    Just one more forgettable, indistinguishable entry into the rapidly-growing collection of Marvel's superhero extravaganzas.
                
                    It makes such a difference when a villain is given more than the standard arbitrary screen time. Whilst not perfect and Keaton could have benefited from more screen time, but he makes every scene count.
                
                    The first Marvel Cinematic Universe film in a long while, outside the Guardians entries, to truly feel like a live-action comic book. This is the Peter Parker/ Spider-Man we all know and love
                
                    A wonderful coming-of-age tale about a kid trying to live his life in the best way possible. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    A good time that revisits a fan favorite character in thrilling, hilarious fashion.
                
                    Maybe I'm just getting old here, but I could barely follow the action set-pieces[.]
                
                    This is the Spider-Man reboot we deserve. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is as perfect a portrait of Peter Parker as I've ever seen, and one of the best Marvel movies to date. Face it, tiger. We just hit the jackpot.
                
                    Tom Holland is good. Really damn good.
                
                    The human-sized stakes make it more exciting, and it's considerably easier to follow the action with fewer moving parts. You don't come out of the film feeling like you've been beaten over the head for the last half hour.
                
                    How much weight can the resolution really hold for Parker, when all it does is fall back on Marvel's original sin of affirming the status quo? It can't help but feel like a really good Tony Stark story nestled between incomplete Spidey adventures.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is a brilliantly fun film which re-imagines the popular Marvel character with little, if any, room for criticism.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is funny, action-packed and really smart, with [Tom] Holland being the best Spidey to date.
                
                    Coolly self-aware and irreverent, Homecoming, pits a hero in danger against a boy in school, a boy in trouble with his aunt, in an academic decathlon, a boy in love.
                
                    Taken on its own, "Homecoming" is a breath of fresh air.
                
                    With Spider-Man: Homecoming, director Jon Watts, his co-screenwriters, and crew do offer us something new, fun, and very watchable with their sweet teen story superhero mashup.
                
                    The performances are great, and the direction of Jon Watts gives us time for our titular character to breathe and still gives us coherent action set pieces for us to marvel at. The script is funny and zips along at a wonderful pace.
                
                    Tom Holland is youthful, energetic and has good teen angst for the newly minted Spider Man.
                
                    This Spider-Man is all smart quips, puppy-dog cheerful enthusiasm and teenage bewilderment, full of promise for what's to come.
                
                    Amazing, spectacular, and the reboot Spidey has needed since 2007, Spider-Man: Homecoming is a triumph in just about every way and opens the door to a very exciting future for the wall-crawler in the Marvel Cinematic Universe.
                
                    The universe of the Marvel studios can be easily followed, but it begins to get too close in itself, losing the naturalness of the independent stories. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    For all the genius direction and strong screenplay, the memorable supporting performances and top-notch character development, the best part of Spider-Man: Homecoming is the man - or should I say boy - himself.
                
                    Perhaps Marvel is finally trying to lighten things up a bit and if so, this was a good start and paves the way to an already announced sequel.
                
                    Lately, the world has felt so hateful and shallow, so arrogant and self-obsessed. Homecoming is shared, mass-marketed fiction filled with limitless pathos and optimism.
                
                    If you loved seeing Tom Holland as Spider-Man in Civil War then you would love him even more in this film. The film puts an entirely new twist to the Spiderman franchise we know.
                
                    One of [Marvel's] most purely entertaining films - a breezy, fleet-footed romp that gives Spider-Man the charmingly down-to-earth adventure that he deserves.
                
                    Somewhere inside Homecoming, there is a better movie. A tighter, more effective one. The film we do have is fine, though, occasonally sluggish with an excellent performance from Tom Holland.
                
                    The laughs are genuine, but when it comes time for the inventive fight scenes to take place, the movie shines.
                
                    Easily the best Spider-Man movie - ever.
                
                    A good time, but not at the expense of your intelligence.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming plays like a coming of age tale in an action-packed superhero setting, and gives us what is perhaps the best portrayal of its titular character.
                
                    The script is really well done and if I was a teenager I would love this movie to pieces.
                
                    [I]ts pervasive bubbly effervescence sets it apart from other depictions of the character (... ). Marvel's Peter Parker is young, bright and eager to participate.
                
                    Homecoming is so close to delivering a home run and one of the best superhero films in years, and it's a very hard film to quibble with.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is a winner through and through. It may not be the greatest Spider-Man film of all-time, but it just might be the best first solo outing in the MCU.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is smart and sincere and dorky and fun in all the right ways.
                
                    You root for Spider-Man / Peter Parker throughout the film, and you also get a great villain to boot, which is normally the MCU's biggest problem. I can't recommend it enough!
                
                    Holland is the perfect Peter Parker.
                
                    Everything is derived. Spider-Man: Homecoming is a typical product of this annoyingly collaborative philosophy.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming rightly pulls back on the grandeur and delivers a fresh, sharp, and down-right wonderful piece of popcorn cinema.
                
                    The MCU's most family-friendly installment.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming reinvents the character for a new generation, while forgetting its roots.
                
                    I liked the movie quite a bit. It was longer than I would've liked...you really got to dive into [Peter Parker] and it genuinely felt like you were a part of his high school life.
                
                    Maybe the best movie in the MCU so far? This cast is so great. These teens look like teens. This mix of high schoolers rings true. Why did this take so long?
                
                    With a strong performance by Holland, "Homecoming" doesn't only incorporate Peter Parker to the MCU but provides a character driven story with humor & heart throughout.
                
                    One of the most pleasing aspects of Spider-Man: Homecoming is that it feels proportionate. The scope of the plot is big enough to be entertaining and suitable for superheroes.
                
                    The film is about Spider-Man facing what it means to be a hero, and what that entails. But instead of saying it as a fancy dialogue, it shows how great power brings great responsibility.
                
                    Homecoming can't get too deep into the darker side of heroic activity - it's Spider-Man's movie, after all, his coming-of-age, his acceptance of the hero he is right now and the place that needs him.
                
                    Holland is a hurricane of fresh air as the new Spider-Man.
                
                    If my mind wanders toward television, that's because "Homecoming" often feels like a 'roided-up pilot for a season's worth of tidy small-screen fare.
                
                    There's plenty of fan fodder for Avengers lovers, but for those of us less Marvelously inclined, it feels more like a rollicking kids' feature.
                
                    How good is Spider-Man: Homecoming? The short answer: the most fun superhero film you have seen in a long time.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is the type of superhero film that has a message, is wildly entertaining, but also feels incredibly well-thought-out.
                
                    The hype is real - Spider-Man: Homecoming is definitely the best Spider-Man movie made to date
                
                    Tom Holland IS Peter Parker.
                
                    The moral the film does champion is a good one.
                
                    The good news is that Spider Man: Homecoming is actually a lot of fun ... And at least this is not a pure origin story, yet again.
                
                    Tom Holland is the best Spider-Man I've ever seen.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming reintroduced an excitement to a character who lost his pizazz a decade ago, and in doing so, reminded us why we loved watching Spider-Man on the big screen in the first place.
                
                    [John Watts and his team] have pulled off a Marvel of a movie that has as many laughs as thrills and accomplishes the unlikely task of making the endlessly rehashed Spider-Man feel fresh again.
                
                    Spider-Man Homecoming is not the best movie in Marvel's highly profitable cinematic universe, but it's the best Spider-Man film ever produced.
                
                    [Homecoming] is an inventive effort that makes the joke-cracking wall crawler relevant again.
                
                    It's not groundbreaking or transcendent or particularly original, but it has great action and a lot of humor, delivering the appropriate spectacle while capturing the charge of youthful enthusiasm...
                
                    This isn't just a homecoming for high school, it's a homecoming for great Spider-Man movies. Spider-Man: Homecoming is another hit for the carefully crafted MCU, which is a force of nature in itself and showing no signs of fading away
                
                    This movie's ultimate achievement is remembering what a great Spider-Man movie should always be in the end: fun, heartfelt, and exciting without ever losing sight of what makes the character so beloved and iconic.
                
                    Director Jon Watts is avowedly channelling the spirit of 1980s John Hughes teen movies... And it's this strand that sets the movie's enjoyably breezy tone and gives Holland's puppyish charm the chance to shine.
                
                    Though now part of a plot-driven epic universe overflowing with self-importance, Spidey's first solo adventure within it is lighthearted fun.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is the best incarnation of Spider-Man on the big screen...
                
                    Exciting action sequences, a great sense of humor and a terrific turn by Tom Holland make this reboot stand out.
                
                    A fine addition to the Marvel Movie Universe, "Spider-man: Homecoming" is one of the best in the series.
                
                    The great part about Spider-Man is that it manages to be a seamless part of the current Marvel universe and yet, etch out a wonderfully snazzy world for a new superhero.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming breathes new life into the MCU (Marvel Cinematic Universe) as well as the friendly neighbourhood superhero that was forever torn between love and responsibility.
                
                    The problem is that this being the third cinematic attempt at Spidey, it's been overdone and it doesn't help Raimi produced the very peak of it in 2004.
                
                    The action is plentiful, though not particularly memorable, and, sigh, a sequel has already been announced.
                
                    Like Wonder Woman, Homecoming leans into sincerity and the earnestness of its hero, and also like Wonder Woman, it's a better movie for it.
                
                    This is a decent Spider-Man film if never a great one.
                
                    Homecoming is as much about a superhero as it is about a good, smart kid who makes mistakes, and whose best efforts sometimes just aren't enough.
                
                    What makes this version better than its predecessors is that director Jon Watts never forgets that Peter is still a kid, despite having great powers.
                
                    Homecoming is a friendly reminder that even the most spectacular heroes have a lot of growing up to do.
                
                    One clever step back, and several adroit steps forward, Sony and Marvel's Spider-Man: Homecoming is a thrillingly alive origin story.
                
                    The audience immediately connects with that teenager who, although he has no bad intentions, sometimes has no idea when to stop. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Too much Tony Stark, not enough Spidey universe.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming suggests we might be ready to think about youth - which has acquired a reputation for angst and narcissism and basic uselessness - as the superpower it could be.
                
                    There definitely could be something here, if the film was a little bit looser, limber, and not so transparently micro-managed by two different multinational media companies.
                
                    Instead of being crammed with typical action set pieces and clunky character development, Homecoming is actually a good-natured teen comedy . . .
                
                    Given our justifiable fatigue with comic-book movies, Spider-Man: Homecoming fares better than we have any right to expect.
                
                    What makes this homecoming fun is [Tom] Holland, who seems as excited about Spider-Man as his classmates even though he is Spider-Man.
                
                    Watts and Company give us a new Parker and a new Spider-Man entirely sufficient to the task of course-correcting and extending the webslinger's adventures on the big screen.
                
                    The film has the perfect mix of fun, action and poignant moments that, without being too deep, are able to touch sensitive fibers and generate strong empathy with the characters. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The film claims that the true power of Peter Parker are his naive youth and sense of humor. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    A successful Spider-man movie with a Tom Holland that bears the adventurous spirit of the Marvel heroe. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    If "Spider-Man: Homecoming" is to be judged solely on its ability to unite a diverse audience behind a fun motion picture, it seems to have succeeded wildly.
                
                    Holland knocks it out of the park, striking a perfect balance between awkward, bright, and eager high schooler Peter Parker, and as newly minted, Spider-Man, still figuring out superhero-dom.
                
                    Cool, fun and different from other versions. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    It's simply amazing.
                
                    Finds the right balance between growing pains teen drama and superhero spectacular.
                
                    The best Spider-man movie so far. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Spidey Senses are set to snooze.
                
                    By releasing itself from this burden of rehashing old stories, Homecoming was able to benefit greatly.
                
                    One of the most fun and exciting films of Spiderman that remains in the first place for me because of that classic air of Richard Donner that no longer exists in the current superhero cinema. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is a great individual superhero movie that, with confidence and charisma, integrates with the complex logic of the MCU. [Full review in Spanish
                
                    A middling high school action-comedy with dull setpieces; a lesser "Superbad" with superhero cameos.
                
                    Watts does his bit with a remarkable job of pacing, clarity, action, humor, etc. His action scenes are genuinely exciting and tense, and his character interactions are funny and warm.
                
                    Spider-Man returns in yet another iteration of Stan Lee's most famous character...
                
                    While it is frequently enjoyably, it is also an overly managed and manufactured product, designed and refined to fit neatly into the Marvel Universe without causing any ripples.
                
                    A strangely oblivious film, one that undercuts its story with exactly the sort of praise-hungriness that its hero learns to overcome.
                
                    Spider-Man is fun again.
                
                    Sadly, the promising start soon falls flat, and we're left with an unmemorable attempt to replace Tobey Maguire and Andrew Garfield, both of whose tales about the boy-superhero far surpass this one.
                
                    The web-slinger's latest big-screen outing is fresh, funny and fairly exciting.
                
                    Homecoming is great fun and provides an excellent foundation for a series we hope continues for many more years to come.
                
                    These characters are Marvel's most tangibly human screen creations to date.
                
                    This is a charming, funny, coming-of-age story about a 15-year-old, Peter Parker, who has more power than he can handle and at the same time is frustrated that he can't show it off.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is a sublime coming out party for the teenage wall-crawler.
                
                    Holland's wonderful performance keeps everything grounded.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming is a sensitive attempt at depicting the teenage anxieties of wanting prove oneself.
                
                    It's hard to say where Spider-Man will go after Homecoming, but this movie, right now, feels worth it.
                
                    It has created a vision of Spider-Man entertaining enough to make one look forward to the inevitable followup.
                
                    Spider-Man: Homecoming manages to be a breath of fresh air in an increasingly dense universe.
                
                    While it won't convert any superhero haters, this version of the Spidey saga might just stick.
                
                    SPIDER-MAN will soon be celebrating his 15th birthday. Marvel Studios decided that 15% of moviegoers age 12-17 is the demographic they are investing in.
                