
                    The movie does not have enough interesting things going for it to uphold this run time.
                
                    Just seeing Las Vegas turned into a walled-off city of shuffling ghouls is kind of an irresistible premise.
                
                    Zombies, zombies everywhere! Watch them carefully if you dare. Audacious filming is non-stop. Scenes of horror cause eyes to pop!
                
                    Time flies when you are killing zombies. At least it does in this two hour+ Zack Snyder epic battle movie.
                
                    I think you'll have a good time with it.
                
                    While it's always watchable, the structure is too familiar and contrived to allow for any real suspense. Still, there's still plenty of grisly, nasty fun along the way.
                
                    Zack Snyder's Army of the Dead is a stylish zombie movie and a heist thriller, and a sentimental father-daughter reconciliation story. But more to the point, it's a lot of fun and it's set in Las Vegas. What's not to like?
                
                    20 minutes in you'll be able to tell if you're with 'Army of the Dead' or not.
                
                    ...a mostly watchable (albeit thoroughly erratic) endeavor that fares best in its briskly-paced first and third acts...
                
                    For the most part it works in relative proportion to when the material best aligns with Snyder's strengths: BIG shootouts and brawls, messy violent zombie dismemberment, hyper-literal mythic and pop-culture allusions? GOOD... human drama, not so much.
                
                    Step forward, then, Zack Snyder, with Army of the Dead, a film which has neatly filled the void in the listings which was crying out for something bloody silly. From a personal perspective, it did not disappoint.
                
                    A lousy film from top to bottom...
                
                    Violent, action-packed, funny, and surprisingly moving, it delivers on everything it should.
                
                    A penniless heist film and a brainless zombie flick.
                
                    Gluttons for mindless, ugly mayhem will enjoy 'Army of the Dead,' but ...it's a pretty overstuffed, bombastic brew.
                
                    Whether it's the undead or fanboys who bully film studios, you gotta hand it to Snyder. He knows a thing or two about harnessing a horde to realize a vision.
                
                    Still, for all of Army of the Dead's occasionally stitched-together, clumsy feel, individual scenes and sequences deliver Snyder's trademark spectacle with metronymic regularity.
                
                    Army of the Dead doesn't claim to be anything deep... It's certainly a movie where you can turn your brain off and enjoy the carnage, but it has so many intriguing concepts that you don't necessarily have to. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Army of the Dead is ambitious and gory - a perfect combo for a zombie movie. It takes advantage of Snyder's strengths to an extent that we've only seen a few times...a welcome addition to the ever-expanding zombie oeuvre.
                
                    The way [Snyder] milks every scene, slowing down the pacing and the passage of time, is both a wondrous sight to witness and a terror to sit through.
                
                    Not great. Not terrible, but it really could have just been 90 minutes and done the same thing.
                
                    Army of the Dead is the kind of movie that requires less thinking and more experiencing. Whether that's a positive or negative will depend on the viewer.
                
                    Flat as western Kansas.
                
                    Although Zack Snyder takes risks, the film is ultimately a crowd-pleaser, which is a genre unto itself...
                
                    Please, refrain from giving these films your money, or filmmakers will be encouraged to keep making lame and ultimately boringly bland movies.
                
                    Zack Snyder is at his best when zombies are involved.
                
                    An audacious two-and-a-half-hour heist movie that feels like the unholy offspring of Michael Bay and Steven Soderbergh, with just a few of Snyder's signature flourishes.
                
                    A great show, noisy and frenetic... best enjoyed on a screen as large as possible. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    At 150 minutes in length, it pummels you to submission.
                
                    The best way to enjoy The Army of the Dead is not to take anything too seriously, like the director himself. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Batista proves that he really is much more than an imposing figure. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Snyder's sci-fi / horror / heist thriller sweet shop pick-and-mix is brazenly funny and disgustingly gory.
                
                    Has too many characters and fails to wring the maximum tension from the set-up, but it's great fun, works in WTF surprises and more than justifies the two prequels... that Snyder has in the postmortem pipeline.
                
                    Army of the Dead is a delightful action movie that's hurt by an overly serious subplot and an overlong third act.
                
                    Honestly, Army of the Dead is often a hell of a lot of fun.
                
                    While it may be a little overstuffed in terms of cast members and just a tad too long for its relatively bare-bones premise, there's still enough enjoyment to be had in Army of the Dead for any action-seeker, Snyder fan or not.
                
                    Bloated, bleak, and bleary, "Army of the Dead" takes an entertaining action zombie film premise and sucks the life right out of it.
                
                    Zack Snyder's Army of the Dead provides zero improvements to the zombie genre. Instead it delivers a half-baked heist plot that keeps challenging our suspension of disbelief, hoping that colorful graphics and slow-mo sequences will keep things afloat.
                
                    Army of the Dead can easily be picked apart...not going to lie. But the strong characters, refreshing zombie heist premise, and popcorn fun unabashedly make it one of the most fun movies of the year.
                
                    Zack Snyder lives for excessive storytelling by stuffing as many insignificant details into his stories as possible.
                
                    You'd be hard-pressed to find a more mixed-bag effort than Zack Snyder's latest.
                
                    The biggest problem is definitely the script. It's mostly garbage, and mostly not in the enjoyable kind of way.
                
                    The director presents an interesting story that is not able to take advantage of in all the time he has to do it, with too many comings and goings and scenes without much sense. [Full review in spanish]
                
                    Death comes for us all, and if we're fortunate, it's a very slow walker. Enjoying "Army of the Dead" doesn't require much more than appreciating that. Our collective starvation for thrills and wonder probably sauces its appeal even more.
                
                    A great slice of escapist, zombie-filled, nonsensical fun.
                
                    Army Of The Dead is a strangely pedestrian affair considering that Zack Snyder was given $70 million and carte blanche to make it. It's ultimately just another zombie movie with little originality and and an exorbitant running-time to pad things out.
                
                    I'm not gonna sit here and tell you that this is the smartest movie you'll ever see but it's one hell of an action-horror hybrid featuring some of the most impressive gore Netflix has ever gifted us.
                
                    Holds nothing back, trying to sock it to us non-stop for 148 minutes.
                
                    Snyder creates an exciting opening sequence that previews the carnage at hand and there's no shortage of blood involved. This is a zombie movie after all that Snyder pairs with a traditional Las Vegas heist - an Ocean's 11 meets The Walking Dead.
                
                    This is "Escape from New York" where nobody is cool enough to make us care, where the stakes are low and the pace is slower than slow.
                
                    All I really needed to hear about Army of the Dead was the words 'zombie tiger' and I was ready to cash all my chips in.
                
                    This is a surprisingly light and lean film that sees Snyder at his most creative...It might not ever reach its full potential, but it's never not interesting.
                
                    ...a big, multi-layered production, which plays out reasonably engrossingly as times, and has enough wit and imagination to keep the audience semi-rapt...
                
                    Enjoyable only as escapism.
                
                    If every zombie movie could be seen as a feature-length commercial for cremation, Army of the Dead is, first and foremost, a vehicular fellatio PSA...What (the film ultimately) proves is giving zombies personalities will not reanimate a dying genre.
                
                    The whole affair is silly, illogical and lacks obligatory humor.
                
                    Army of the Dead doesn't seem to care much about all that-or for people. It's only lifeless when the living are onscreen.
                
                    The DC auteur returns to the zombie genre after almost two decades, but it's Dave Bautista's performance that really pulls this movie together...
                
                    If you want to see a run-and-gun zombie movie, this is your bag.
                
                    Army of the Dead is designed to be part of a franchise. I don't know how I feel about the prospect of more of these movies but this one allows Snyder to assemble an overflow of genre ingredients and give them a swift, often amusing kick...
                
                    If you manage to get past its first third, Army of the Dead will reward you with gory entertainment and a couple of memorable moments of action.[Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Will appease a hungry section of zombie fans who want excessive, gory violence from the undead, but it's hard to imagine everyone else wanting to come back for seconds.
                
                    Snyder brings this world to life in a visually mesmerizing way, and this crew of wild characters is so much fun to watch.
                
                    While the film's atmosphere is terrifically structured, it's too robust for a story as thin as this, and as a result, the movie falls flat during moments where it should be soaring.
                
                    Army of the Dead is more interested in playing with fun concepts than in actually being a fun movie.
                
                    Working with the Netflix charge card, Snyder has a ball proving that trash can triumph on the largest stage if played with elan and enthusiasm.
                
                    Instead of lean, nasty genre entertainment, it's a weighty, overly complicated two-and-a-half hour slog with occasional bright spots that serve as a reminder of the movie's squandered promise.
                
                    In its own bizarre way it works like gangbusters, partly because Snyder doesn't care whether you take any of it seriously or just hoot throughout.
                
                    Snyder understands the tonality of a modern zombie film. Like Dawn of the Dead, it's where his trademark snark shines best.
                
                    Daft fun with a touch of heart and a bucket of gore.
                
                    While they attempt to provide reasons to become emotionally attached to characters, it's a big ask.
                
                    All in all, this is an unapologetically fun watch that will hopefully serve as a springboard for Snyder off the back of his DC endeavours.
                
                    Army of the Dead is a fine addition to the zombie movie pantheon, and a decent heist flick too.
                
                    There are enough bits of social commentary to meaningfully tether it to the lineage of Romero's shrewd and thought provoking work in the genre but not so much to distract from the pure video game glee of grisly headshots and memorable world building.
                
                    The Army of the Dead is too scattershot, perhaps too derivative and definitely too long. But it's definitely a movie, as well as a perfectly acceptable turn-your-brain-off entertainment.
                
                    The wisecracks the crew trade during their extended killing spree are not funny, Snyder fails to restrain his slo-mo tic, and one emerges from the wreckage of Las Vegas none the wiser, and slightly stupider.
                
                    A riotous ride... well worth waiting for. Even at two and half hours long.
                
                    Army of the Dead is sadly just not that special.
                
                    The gore is pleasantly gloopy, the action well-handled, and the slow motion kept to a minimum and is more effective as a result.
                
                    A completely serviceable zombie and heist film.
                
                    It's bloated and silly and puerile and absurdly grisly, but nevertheless resembles that elusive thing known as Actual Fun.
                
                    While there are some inspired moments that will make you chuckle and/or look away from the screen in repulsion, the flick is predominantly braindead.
                
                    Netflix and Zack Snyder's Army of the Dead is a big, bad bonkers and incredibly violent delight of a zombie movie.
                
                    I had a blast watching it. (Full Content Review for Parents - Gruesome Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
                
                    Individual set-pieces are spectacular, but this meandering, sometimes mournful affair is more interested in world-building and backstory than the task at hand.
                
                    Army of the Dead ( ... ) doesn't take itself too seriously, and wants to entertain the audience with action, zombies, and gore. It may not be flawless, but it's fun and memorable.
                
                    The lowliest one-legged ghoul in this bloodbath possesses more grace than the script.
                
                    As zombie movies go, I really liked this one... It was quite cleverly done.
                
                    [Zack Snyder] has made a light-footed zombie epic. I guess you'd have to call it an epic when it's that long -- two-and-a-half hours.
                
                    Army of the Dead has no real pretentions about being something deeper, and cashes in all its chips on "fun" and "cool".
                
                    The best aspects of "Army of the Dead" are hindered by undue excess.
                
                    Not bad -- and not four hours long...
                
                    The film's biggest problem - the whopping 148-minute running time feels too long for its own good.
                
                    Fresh by the barest of margins. A bloated action film that disproportionately focuses on the wrong people at the wrong time. However. Zombie Tigers do cure what ails me. A 90 minute action film stretched over two and half hours.
                
                    You can't help but appreciate Snyder for the vision he brings to his projects, even if you disagree with so many decisions that go along with them.
                
                    All of Snyder's worst tendencies are on display... Style often comes over substance, and you really feel it.
                
                    Army of the Dead grills its cheese to a crisp, but Bautista adds some healthy flavor. His headshots never miss your heart.
                
                    Writer-director Zack Snyder, never known for his restraint, pulls out the stops even more extravagantly than usual...
                
                    Netflix's Army of the Dead is a failed genre homecoming for [Zack] Snyder after 17 years.
                
                    [F]unny, exciting, blockbuster-size entertainment from a filmmaker firing on all creative cylinders.
                
                    Snyder builds up the Alpha Zombies to ride horses and hold hostages like an elevated species, suggesting there's more than meets the eye. Then he settles for a finale we've seen a million times. At 2 1/2 hours, the film eats itself.
                
                    A remorseless, brazen rip-off of Aliens, down to outfitting a monster-killing badass exactly like Jenette Goldstein's "Vasquez" and to cribbing a few lines from James Cameron's script wholesale.
                
                    Bizarre and occasionally brilliant...the characterizations are far better and far deeper than you would ever expect from a zombie apocalypse film.
                
                    Something really interesting could have been made out of the relationship between the humans and the evolved zombies but, in the end, there's nothing that those zombie's heightened awareness brings to the film.
                
                    It's mindless fun - no more, and no less.
                
                    On the whole, the film is sharply cast with a group of actors we haven't seen in a zillion things and who distinguish themselves well.
                
                    Army of the Dead provides exhilarating blockbuster entertainment.
                
                    It's a really fun escape that captures the magic of the summer blockbuster with great action set pieces and a badass ensemble, it's so hard not to recommend.
                
                    Expertly paced and with top-notch special effects, "Army of the Dead" is a popcorn zombie movie for our time. Long live the undead.
                
                    While it does some fascinating things with the zombie genre that we haven't seen since George A. Romero, Army of the Dead ends up bogged down by its own self-importance and forgets how fun it's supposed to be.
                
                    Army of the Dead is a fine action-horror movie that has some standout moments ... but the winning performances and cool spectacle are often undermined due to its by-the-numbers story.
                
                    There's enough fake blood here to fill the Dead Sea but as stylish as the slo-motion CGI plasma sprays are, the movie, at 148 minutes it feels overlong and is a bit too deliberately paced.
                
                    Its grim images of quarantined refugees and rotting hordes summon a bleakness at odds with its most fun creation: An elite zombie power couple with functioning brains. Snyder should probably have given them final cut.
                
                    "Army of the Dead" is more than the sum of its basted-together parts - barely.
                
                    Although trapped surfing a wave of predictability, Snyder delivers enough gore to keep zombie movie fans happy and enough adrenaline-driven action to maintain a high level of suspense.
                
                    The writing in director Zack Snyder's films, especially when he insists on doing it himself, is more lifeless than any zombie that he has ever put on screen. His heart remains, as always, is in the right place. But his storytelling gets in the way.
                
                    In fairness, there is plenty that Snyder didn't lift directly from James Cameron, and that material sticks out for an entirely different reason: uniform stupidity.
                
                    "Army of the Dead" grows tiresome before it finally settles on a conclusion, but Snyder has always been better with introductions than payoffs.
                
                    Army of the Dead injects some much needed vitality into modern zombie films and Zack Snyder's career as a filmmaker. Gory as hell and entertaining through and through, Army of the Dead is a must-watch for action and horror film fans alike.
                
                    An energetic romp unafraid to feel grisly without wholly depending on comedy, it plays like a reprieve for Snyder, shrugging off the weight of expectation for something purely entertaining.
                
                    Snyder shoots with a blockbuster strut and plots like a 14-year-old raiding their parents' drinks cabinet.
                
                    It still delivers the goods here and there, but it won't stick with you.
                
                    The most surprising thing about Army of the Dead is how little of Snyder's signature style comes through.
                
                    Army of the Dead sadly reveals a director with a personal brand and opulent filmmaking style that has undermined whatever vitality existed in this premise.
                
                    If you're a Snyder fan, you'll be right at home in the visionary's go-for-broke, testosterone-fueled mindscape.
                
                    With zombie tigers, zombie queens, zombie kings and zombie Elvis rearing their ugly heads throughout, watching Snyder's latest is like hitting the zombie jackpot.
                
                    The narrative would've been better served by a bit more humanity, and a bit less of the splattered heads, but Army of the Dead is still a ton of fun, showcasing a playfulness that was sorely missing from Snyder's grim approach to superhero films.
                
                    Vegas ain't the same anymore in Army of the Dead
                
                    Army of the Dead is exactly the kind of uber-stylish, ridiculously muscular, exceptionally juvenile storytelling that he's made his bones on.
                
                    Taking a typically maximalist approach to the genre, it's essentially a zombie apocalypse Ocean's Eleven...
                
                    [I]nstead of engaging with anything new and interesting it puts its heavy focus on the well-worn material and paper thin characters.
                
                    Who would have thought combining a zombie movie with a heist movie could be so fun? Zack Snyder did, and thank goodness because this movie is a blast!
                
                    Snyder's souped-up Abercrombie zombies might not carry the same threat as Romero's undead or Boyle's infected, but Army of the Dead remains a ton of gory fun, which never takes itself too seriously, and neither should we.
                
                    It's the opposite of Snyder's DC Comic movies for Warner Bros which always feel constricted. Here the ebullience is organic.
                
                    Army of the Dead is a truly fun blockbuster, something we haven't often seen since the start of the pandemic. [Full review in French]
                
                    This movie was an absolute blast. I had such a good time with this movie.
                
                    Zack Snyder and his co-writers, Shay Hatten and Joby Harold, offer up plenty of zombies and graphic violence, but the one thing they forget is developing any kind of sense of suspense.
                
                    If some of the emotional notes feel a bit tacked on and it doesn't quite work on the deeper level it aspires to, then it is at least outrageously entertaining.
                
                    Snyder's first zombie film since his debut feature, the 2004 remake of "Dawn of the Dead," is his most enjoyable in 17 years as well.
                
                    A savage zombie spectacular that sees Netflix bring the best out of Zack Snyder. [Full Review in Spanish]
                