
                    Nothing about the film works on any level. Zero tension. Zero twists we don't see coming from 900 miles away. Yawn fest.
                
                    There are twists and turns aplenty here - some satisfy, many don't - but as they pile up, the film gets less and less convincing.
                
                    The Woman in the Window ends up being confusing and nothing like Hitchcock's more compelling Rear Window. However, a strong performance by Amy Adams makes the film worth seeing.
                
                    It's worth a look for its aesthetics, but this Window has nothing new to reveal.
                
                    There is nothing that really creates tension. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    This Hitchcock rip-off is either a very bad movie or a future cult classic
                
                    The middle is a stodgy pudding, but the last half hour is - bar a couple of excruciating amdram moments - glorious, gleeful melodrama.
                
                    A psychological thriller about agoraphobia and personal trauma that unfortunately never gets its ideas together and rarely has a moment that produces tension or the feeling of having seen something truly surprising. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    What works well in a New York Times best-seller doesn't always translate to the big screen, and Woman in the Window falters in that regard. But if you're game for a reliably excellent Amy Adams and some narrative hijinks, then Netflix has your number.
                
                    The Woman in The Window plays host to some solid elements but ultimately succumbs to its complexity.
                
                    Wright will never be mistaken for the Master of Suspense.
                
                    The weak intrigue and rigid dynamics place the film between a poor investigative case and a phony state of paranoia.
                
                    It is six-time Oscar nominee Adams, towards the end, who makes it something special.
                
                    While the central mystery does keep one engaged, the build-up of unintentionally comical Hitchcock homages and cheap shocks ultimately pushes the film over the edge and out the window.
                
                    The film's external reality and internal ambiguity don't really add up to anything substantial in the end. It's a good thing this movie about agoraphobia got dumped on Netflix, instead of cinemas. For nobody would have showed up.
                
                    This visually striking yet dramatically muddled adaptation of the popular novel never fulfills its lofty Hitchcockian ambitions while squandering a top-notch cast.
                
                    Joe Wright's thriller, starring Amy Adams as a traumatized shut-in, is a terrible excuse for a movie... The Woman In The Window isn't even worth a hate-watch.
                
                    The film suffers from overacting and a ramshackle narrative that's unfortunately too loyal to the thin novel, playing too many games with the viewer's sensibilities without providing an equitable payoff.
                
                    Excellent performances and beautiful cinematography cannot save this one from becoming a jumbled mess over the course of the final act.
                
                    A sloppy, droning, and genre confused mess...
                
                    The Woman in the Window explores disability in an intimate way, yet ultimately returns to a cultural status quo.
                
                    Not even someone as skilled as Adams can put over a script that flips fitfully from psychological study to slasher flick.
                
                    Rarely visually uninteresting or narratively dull and it features a handful of our best actors and actresses really hamming it up. Plus: It's only 100 minutes long!
                
                    Aren't you kind of curious to see how lousy it is?
                
                    It won't be to everyone's taste, but for those who appreciate a little melodrama in their madness, this movie is for us.
                
                    Despite a schlocky B-picture ending, Wright's film is not as bad as reviews suggest, and might have been good if it hadn't been so comprehensively fiddled with.
                
                    Joe Wright can't seem to choose between making this a melodramatic, campy movie, or a taught thriller.
                
                    This cast is so terrific that I wish the movie had more sparkle... It's very drained of joy.
                
                    This is a pretty good thriller. It's nicely made by director Joe Wright... [And] it's got some wit to it.
                
                    This is a second-rate psychological thriller; tricksy, overwrought and in parts, most fatally of all, downright laughable.
                
                    It's over-constructed and underpowered, but enjoyably bonkers.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is fine as high-gloss trash goes... but imagine how great it could have been had it just gone full exploitation. Not good, right? But amazing.
                
                    It's entertaining enough and perhaps more suited for its streaming destination than fighting for attention on the big screen, where it could have been a disappointment.
                
                    Even Adams can't make Anna much more than a faint copy of her other, better performances in works like Arrival and Sharp Objects.
                
                    Wright's film serves as a corrective to the all too common approach to moviemaking which prioritizes the script-bound parsing of character traits over the composition of audiovisual experience.
                
                    When is imitation NOT the sincerest form of flattery? When you're imitating Alfred Hitchcock, ALL of Alfred Hitchcock's ouevre, in a manic, misshapen mess of a thriller meant to be an homage.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is so thoroughly rooted in Anna's world that Adams is in almost every scene. Given her track record of phenomenal performances, it's no surprise the six-time Oscar nominee easily occupies the center of the story.
                
                    Watching it, you have to wonder exactly what kind of a movie anyone thought they were making.
                
                    With a churning score and a few flashy camera tricks, Wright lays it on thick. But the pacing and rhythm - perhaps the result of a lengthy post-production period of reshoots and recuts - feel wrong from the first minutes. It's a shame.
                
                    The Woman in the Window makes a solid argument for being a low point for all involved.
                
                    It's obviously inspired by Hitchcock's great film REAR WINDOW, only here the fine cast is largely wasted.
                
                    It's an oddly old-fashioned kind of thriller, with nostalgia instead of jeopardy. Wright has no hesitation about using corny shock techniques that would make a modern horror director blush.
                
                    Twists and shocks are promised, banality delivered.
                
                    Amy Adams is a brilliant actress. Joe Wright is a great director. Tracy Letts seems like a very nice person. All of these things are true and... yet this is, without a doubt, the worst thing any of them have ever done.
                
                    The structure and setting are effective enough in putting you on edge, uncertain how events will unfold but sure something bad will happen.
                
                    Grows increasingly ludicrous as the narrative convolutions emerge, with red herrings flying about all over the place until an outrageously overblown damsel-in-distress finale.
                
                    By the time the film reaches its wild conclusion, it feels like it has gone completely off the rails, with its monologuing villain and hyperactive violence that is so cartoonish that it seems completely at odds with the rest of the film.
                
                    The book's mundane plot twists are rendered even more flatly on film, with Wright taking the story's overt references to Hollywood's Golden Age as a licence to craft an overly-stylised riff on Hitchcock that plays more like a bad pastiche...
                
                    It's not even a so-bad-it's-good fun watch. It's just bad. Makes you wonder if any of the people involved are familiar with the word "defenestration."
                
                    The Woman in the Window from director Joe Wright delivers a mediocre recreation that, while transformative and entertaining, doesn't quite hit the mark.
                
                    You will see none of Joe Wright's usual, assured style in this film. The Woman in the Window moves along at a tepid pace, with a bonkers third act dripping with more expository dialogue than a M. Night Shyamalan film.
                
                    Unfortunately, it's a tangled mess that fails to adequately tell the story it's so desperate to give us.
                
                    If it's agoraphobic-focused thrills you're after, you'd be better served seeking out 1995's Copycat or 2015's Intruders.
                
                    Not every book that generates enough buzz is suitable for the screen, and filmmakers can't always bully their way through a faulty plot by adding style and A-list actors.
                
                    It's all "what you see is what you get." And what's to be gotten is precariously thin, beginning with Adams' failure to render her schizoid character the least bit compelling.
                
                    2021's first really big disappointment.
                
                    It's as though it were playing a game with us, trying to see how silly and absurd it can go before we look away.
                
                    Overall, The Woman in the Window isn't a terrible way to spend two hours, but it's most definitely not appointment-viewing.
                
                    A crazy mess that is so campy and over-the-top, yet I had so much trashy fun with it.
                
                    Nonsense. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The psychological aspects of the story are far more interesting than the murder mystery. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Definitely a disappointment, The Woman in the Window could be merely watchable if you go into it with popcorn, cheap wine and low expectations.
                
                    This book-to-film adaptation is an utter disaster - even Windex couldn't clarify it.
                
                    It turns out to be a solid thriller and a fine showcase for Adams.
                
                    Amy Adams is fighting an uphill battle in this one, a movie so shameless it shoves its inspirations - all much better movies, by the way - right in the viewer's face, as if to say, "wouldn't you rather be watching something else instead?"
                
                    Pretty cinematography and a committed performance from Amy Adams fail to save The Woman In The Window, a film that aims for Hitchcockian thrills and lands in afternoon TV territory.
                
                    If it sounds like a variation on Rear Window, it is that, and all the rest.
                
                    While everybody else is trying to act guilty or weird enough to be a possible murder suspect, Adams keeps her head down and plays everything for emotional honesty. It's a losing proposition...
                
                    Despite reported re-shoots and re-edits, The Woman In The Window still feels half-finished, as if some key creative under-estimated the high level of craft involved in delivering a passable Hitchcock knock-off and finally just walked away.
                
                    It's a credit to Adams' performance that the movie works for as long as it does.
                
                    An unshaken cocktail of other much better movies, this dramatically turgid, prestige-tinged murder thriller isn't terribly good, sadly.
                
                    A stunning mess that has turned a sordid little crime thriller in a catastrophic blur of illogical antihuman behavior.
                
                    Amy Adams barely holds together this film that wastes its twisted premise. [Full Review in Spanish]
                
                    If you're going to reference Hitchcock as often as The Woman in the Window does, then perhaps you should borrow a few of that director's tricks as well.
                
                    But we have all been down this mis-directed path many times and while tension levels are generally well maintained, the last lap is underwhelming.
                
                    Maybe someday out there in the world, someone will give The Woman in the Window a proper adaptation.
                
                    Concocted from A J Finn's titular novel with a screenplay by Tracy Letts, it's a perplexingly derivative thriller which gives leading lady Amy Adams precious little on which to unleash her considerable talents.
                
                    ... Wright adorns this film with such big and heavy-handed references that it doesn't end up resembling a film as much as it does a drag queen with chunky Hitchcock-inspired costume jewelry who calls herself Queer Wind-hoe.
                
                    There are far too many talented people involved in this movie for it to play as poorly as it does.
                
                    It's always disappointing when a film doesn't live up to expectations; it's exponentially worse when that film comes from a filmmaker who is clearly capable of great things on screen.
                
                    As stupid, unsatisfying mysteries go, The Woman in the Window certainly lives up to that level.
                
                    The production design and the cast is stupendous, but the film devolves into a steady mess in its second half and it's never able to recover from it.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is a strange film. It's hilariously campy at moments where it doesn't mean to be, and it's a story that swallows its actors.
                
                    "The Woman in the Window" is far from a poorly-made film. It wasn't a great one either. Just decent enough for a Rear Window-like knockoff that does deliver some worthwhile moments.
                
                    Not even Amy Adams can save this safe & monotonous thriller from going under. A big mess & miss. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Amy Adams leads an overqualified and underserved cast as an agoraphobic child psychologist who thinks she sees a murder in this 'Rear Window' ripoff that just lies there, static and dreary, awaiting an animating spark that never comes.
                
                    ...falls somewhat short of the Hitchcockian ideals the creative forces are aiming for....
                
                    Never even manages to be a movie that's fun to make fun of.
                
                    A total waste of time. For everyone who made it, and everyone who watches it.
                
                    Hitchcockian and gripping, Amy Adams is superb as the shut-in, never tipping how bizarre or not bizarre she actually is ... this had me on the edge of my seat until the end.
                
                    This is mostly Adams' show, and while she throws herself into Anna's plight, the narrative contortions mostly provide an incentive to begin peering out your windows, wondering if the neighbors might be watching something that makes more sense.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is a puzzling mix of Hitchcockian thrillers from yesteryear, but there's enough twisty fun to enjoy amongst its sloppy execution.
                
                    Adams is the best actress working today and she proves it in The Woman in the Window.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is what Clueless's Cher Horowitz would call a "Monet". To quote, "from far away, it's OK, but up close it's a big ol' mess".
                
                    The cast alone will probably draw a curious audience, but what they will see is a bit of a confused mess, a Hitchcock pretender that goes nowhere.
                
                    There is literally no tension in this movie. The failure falls squarely on both Wright and Letts.
                
                    This film falls far short of Tracy Letts' past achievements.
                
                    Though it underwent an arduous journey to its release and is arguably a cobbling together of derivative elements, The Woman in the Window succeeds as a fun throwback to the grand days of noir.
                
                    Absolutely a failure.
                
                    A pale imitation of its many influences, The Woman in the Window is an inoffensive viewing experiences that begins to disappear from memory before the credits even roll.
                
                    The Woman in the Window wants to be a mix of Gone Girl and Rear Window. It should be so lucky. It's Insipid, nonsensical, and a waste of your time and the talent involved.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is one of those baffling films that seems to have everything going for it on both sides of the camera but cannot figure out how to make any of it work.
                
                    The Woman in the Window has not become any better with age. Talent on and off the screen can make up for a lot of faults, but sometimes there's nothing you can do to save a dog of a story.
                
                    The Woman in the Window could have been a piece of dark pop art under the right circumstances. Instead, whether through studio meddling, a bad foundation, or a combination of both, the movie is a frantic patchwork populated by unlikable characters.
                
                    A Hollywood cliche lacking in substance. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The first half of The Woman in the Window is strong despite the familiarity to its premise, but the second half tries a bit too hard with the twists, turns, and reveals some of which feel a little unnecessary in an attempt to keep the story going.
                
                    You go in with high expectations about what this talent can do with batsh*t pulp fiction. You leave feeling like you owe Brian De Palma a thousand apologies.
                
                    For a movie that requires minimal investment from the viewer, The Woman in the Window delivers all the soft thrills someone lying on the couch on a Friday night can take.
                
                    Yes, The Woman in the Window has its issues, but I'm honestly stunned that I had as good of a time with it as I did.
                
                    The Woman In The Window is a mess, but at least it's an enjoyable one.
                
                    Just what the world needs right now -- a movie about an agoraphobic woman that we can only watch at home... just as we're finally allowed to go outside.
                
                    The Woman in the Window works better if one decides to look at it as a deliberately heavy-handed Hitchcockian pastiche.
                
                    Moore, though onscreen briefly in a few scenes, gives perhaps the first great, scene-stealing performance of 2021. It's ripe and devilish, from a character that makes you want to see the film again.
                
                    It tries so hard to transmute this formulaic suspense novel into something finer that the twists and turns become almost incomprehensible.
                
                    It's hard to go wrong with a cast as strong as this one, which includes my favourite performer of the moment, Brian Tyree Henry.
                
                    The cast is great; the book was great; so why is this movie so wrong, Mr. Wright?
                
                    Once the big reveal is made and the bad guy unmasked, it's likely to leave you incredulous.
                
                    Red herrings are in abundance but when none of them make an impression, what is the viewer supposed to do?
                
                    Hitchcock knockoff not very good. Adams runs around in unflattering schmattes explaining plot to us.
                
                    Decent until the end. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, etc. - also Available)
                
                    Regrettably, this clumsy homage to Hitchcock's classic thriller Rear Window amounts to little more than an undercooked casserole of ill-conceived ideas whose environment and atmosphere are far more interesting than any of its human characters.
                
                    If you've read the book, the film doesn't provide anything new other than muted colors, dreamy cinematography and a mostly underused cast. Not even Adams abandoning her good looks and glamour to play the distressed Anna manages to elevate this adaptation.
                
                    The Woman in the Window is essentially a potboiler, with a plot that becomes increasingly outlandish as it unravels.
                
                    The Woman in the Window's inspiration is obvious and what it does with it is interesting.
                
                    What director Joe Wright is going for here is something far pulpier than Hitchcock, and if you can appreciate the movie for its unashamed hamminess and self-aware silliness, it can be quite enjoyable.
                
                    But for all the craft on display, the often crackling dialogue, and some strong performances led by Amy Adams, The Woman in the Window ultimately fails to deliver on its abundant potential. It'll leave you with a shrug rather than a gasp.
                
                    While the story does feel familiar in a lot of ways, it also never ceases to be compelling.
                
                    Joe Wright's visually stylish, but ultimately sluggish thriller commits perhaps the most cardinal genre sin of them all: it gives us no reasons to care for its characters.
                
                    While there's nothing inherently wrong for opting for style over substance, when even the style lacks a certain depth, it ends up little more than a resonably packaged, empty shell.
                
                    For a movie that attempts to sympathise with those struggling with mental illness, it seems surprisingly eager to also jump on stereotypical negative depictions of them.
                
                    It feels less derivative than it has any right to, but that doesn't necessarily mean it ever manages to shake off the weight of its clearest influence.
                
                    Amy Adams' six Academy Award nominations count for nothing as she flails about with a script as empty as the house in which her character is trapped.
                
                    The Woman in the Window's shockingly inept final product feels tailor-made for a disposable streaming release.
                
                    With its superior cast, its intelligent art direction and a filmmaker capable of exceptional work, "Woman in the Window" is like a race car revving in a driveway, with nowhere to go.
                
                    As it is, you get a good cast working with a good director and screenwriter on a story that just doesn't have enough to offer.
                
                    "The Woman in the Window" would like to be a contempo "Rear Window," but it's so riddled with things you can't buy that it plays like a bad Brian De Palma movie minus the camera movement.
                
                    There's no panache to enliven the sordid quality that's supposed to be the main draw of this genre, the lifelong stylist Wright having evidently set himself to autopilot.
                
                    [A] strange, mercurial thriller.
                
                    A modern gothic tale of obsession, voyeurism and possible madness, as prismatic and furtive as a leaded-glass window.
                
                    The final result being neither dramatically satisfying nor entertaining as a stylistic exercise, discovering what exactly The Woman in the Window tried for before reshoots and re-editing may offer a more compelling mystery.
                