
                    With violence too severe for the levity, and jokiness that doesn't feel authentic, it's difficult to appreciate either element, even when they're individually succeeding.
                
                    Reynolds and Jackson are better than this generic material.
                
                    Strewing bullets and f-bombs around with larky abandon, The Hitman's Bodyguard is far too scattershot to live up to its movie precursors. Fortunately, the stars' odd-couple chemistry keeps the show on the road.
                
                    Some films simply exist to give their audience a good time - The Hitman's Bodyguard gives its audience a great time.
                
                    None of its sins are so egregious that it deserves anyone's vitriol, but it never quite rises to the occasion to make those sins forgivable.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard is an action-comedy live-action cartoon...the movie knows what it is and makes no bones about it. The action is over-the-top and full of clichés, but in an entertaining way. In fact, it's almost oddly comforting because of this.
                
                    Entertaining in spurts, overlong to a fault, and a total tonal mess, The Hitman's Bodyguard provides a momentary distraction, nothing more, and departs leaving little impression.
                
                    To a degree, The Hitman's Bodyguard delivers exactly what it promises, it's just that what it promises has been done a million times before, and done better.
                
                    While Hitman's Bodyguard is cheap-looking and ugly as hell in spots, it plays like gangbusters when it works. I can't imagine any good reason to pay full price for this flick at the theaters. I laughed fairly frequently, and I was moderately entertained.
                
                    podcast review
                
                    With too much attention focused on its stars and too little on everything else, The Hitman's Bodyguard doesn't deliver enough to make this action-comedy memorable.
                
                    In the current onslaught of strange and often depressing news, there are worse things than seating ourselves in front of a special effects and cliche-driven celebrity vehicle.
                
                    If you don't mind sticking to its stupidities, its wild slapstick spirit and the effectiveness of its action scenes, you will discover one of the funniest movies of the year. [Full Review in Spanish]
                
                    The team of secondary actors that also shines, the multiple laughter that it causes, and Hughes' efforts to feed the film with a light message that turns it into something else than a simple empty show. [Full Review in Spanish]
                
                    Reynold's and Jackson were great choices and I certainly hope Lionsgate will be able to tap them to return for the sequel.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard features at least one tiresome car chase too many, and the final half-hour feels as if it's going to stretch into next week. But even these debits can't completely diminish the bullseye turns by the winsome protagonists.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard has a great cast that look like they're having fun but not enough jokes to carry it through to the end.
                
                    I think you're gonna have fun and then forget it the second you walk out of the theater.
                
                    On the whole, while it isn't exactly an example of great filmmaking, The Hitman's Bodyguard does take you on a fun, two-hour long ride. Just don't expect it to bring anything new to the genre or surprise you in any way.
                
                    There's an okay supply of jokes and impressive stunts, but this is nowhere near as funny as it should be. Oddly paced, and poorly made, this film is more than lucky to have Samuel L. Jackson as its star.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard stars Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson doing what they do best: fighting, cursing, and making us laugh. A lot.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard is the sort of movie you see a lot in mid-August, a film intended for bigger things, but whose execution wound up falling short.
                
                    With laughs, f-bombs galore, a plethora of good action sequences and some nice surprises along the way, The Hitman's Bodyguard is a fun watch.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard represents yet another paint-by-numbers, rushed product that seeks to trick viewers with flashy trailers in hopes of quick cash.
                
                    Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson are a match made in comedic heaven.
                
                    The draw - other than the grandstanding of flashy explosions, animated gunplay and calculating car chases - is obviously the rollicking rapport between hedonistic hotshot leads Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds as the titular characters.
                
                    Silly but harmless buddy action movie that wishes it was as witty as a Shane Black script.
                
                    It's briefly amusing, in an absurd sense, to see standard American action-movie pyrotechnics playing out on the streets of Holland, but the film doesn't seem aware enough that this is it's best gag.
                
                    This isn't a particularly original work of cinema but the duo front and center carry the tradition of the buddy action flick across the finish line with a number of laughs and thrilling action scenes along the way.
                
                    Every scene of this movie oozes with male fantasy wish fulfillment.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard might not be smart, but it's definitely a fun time at the movies.
                
                    A missed opportunity for its an overly familiar and cliched action flick that adds nothing new to the genre except another mediocre entry.
                
                    This film is highly entertaining and masterfully written. Reynolds and Jackson are keen when it comes to foul-mouthed mercenary roles.
                
                    There is plenty of chuckle-worthy humor and also a good amount of laugh-out-loud comedy, with Jackson and Reynolds playing off of each other really, really well.
                
                    There are thrills, there's suspense, there's even a wee bit of tenderness, and if the fight scenes don't match the stylish choreography of Atomic Blonde, director Patrick Hughes (The Expendables 3, Red Hill) can be forgiven.
                
                    Playing to its strengths, whether that means an effective use of cliché, or a showcase of Samuel L. Jackson being Samuel L. Jackson, The Hitman's Bodyguard makes the standard action-comedy effortlessly fun.
                
                    Don't go expecting another Deadpool from Ryan Reynolds and this tired, lacklustre action comedy.
                
                    The movie crafts some truly interesting action scenes that reward the attentive viewer, even if the rest of the movie lacks that level of intelligence.
                
                    The action in the film is decent and entertaining enough but can't make up for the unfunny jokes, lack of chemistry, bad special effects, and the incessantly annoying use of the words "mother f****er."
                
                    It may not be art --it's not even close--, but it's definitely light, violent, hilarious, vulgar and well-made entertainment. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    It has comedic moments to it, but it doesn't really commit to that angle...there are also a lot of scenes in this movie where the light is bleeding over and washing out.
                
                    Bodyguard is annoying nearly from start to finish, completely defying all sense of internal logic as their enemies manage to find them in every corner of Europe within five seconds of their arrival.
                
                    As a time killer, you could do worse thanks to Reynolds and Jackson and even Hayek, who made me laugh and has a natural affinity for comedy.
                
                    Nothing says summer like a fun and stupid action movie with beautiful people and even more beautiful explosions. Patrick Hughes' comedic actioner is not that movie, though it wants to be.
                
                    Probably the most interesting thing to ponder regarding the film is if it was actually written with these two actors in mind, or if they just used their natural charisma and comedic timing to save a disaster
                
                    The film aims pretty low and hits there.
                
                    Bloody, brutal and bombastic, this Midnight Run-inspired film is assuredly this Summer's antidote to boring.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard feels like a greatest hits compilation of proven Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L. Jackson zingers, the AM Gold of action comedies.
                
                    This black comedy... is not afraid of anything. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Reynolds is all smarm, his character seemingly trying to be the smartest man in the room while Jackson finds new and entertaining ways to use the words "mother" and, well, you know.
                
                    The film would have fallen flat if not for the efforts of Reynolds and Jackson.
                
                    A who-wrote-this-crap movie, in which a ready-and-willing cast becomes a just-get-paid cast when it's handed a cruddy script.
                
                    If only it was a tighter story - Hitman's Bodyguard would be a crisper and much better film. But don't let that detract you from checking this out and enjoying it for what it is.
                
                    Thanks to Reynolds and Jackson, and a foul-mouthed cameo from Salma Hayek, it does raise a smile or three.
                
                    Given the constant bickering and contrived conflict, none of the characters seem to like one another, and the audience quickly understands why.
                
                    ... The Hitman's Bodyguard is nowhere near as funny as it should be.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard proves that summer fun comes best with two great tastes that taste great together.
                
                    It's a crassly violent comic book, an insane bit of violence and bloodshed overflowing in crude one-liners, car chases, explosions and random jolts of gunfire.
                
                    Rarely do jagged threads of side-alley stitch jobs show in a major release, riddled with shots of soft (or no) focus. Basically a test of how far a vehicle can run on fumes of familiar personae. It's about 88 minutes...or 30 minutes shorter than this.
                
                    Even at its best it never quite digs itself out of a hole as a third rate "Midnight Run" clone.
                
                    The dynamic duo play to their strengths, with Reynolds in fine form providing the physical comedy as the tightly-wound, over-analytical perfectionist.
                
                    With fireballs, gun fights and fast cars at every turn, this is an above-average slice of tongue-in-cheek B-grade movie mayhem, with the two leads breezily matching the love/hate spark of Mel Gibson and Danny Glover in the Lethal Weapon films.
                
                    Sadly, this movie was heavily advertised as a comedy and was instead a bland and below average action movie with the few jokes from the trailer being the only humor in the whole movie.
                
                    While the picture doesn't necessarily stick the landing, it does add richly to [Samuel L] Jackson's lexicon of quotable lines and catchphrases, and it's unrelentingly entertaining the whole time.
                
                    Humor may seem silly at times, but he is forgiven for being so entertaining. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Action and comedy collude in a predictable but effective film for those who aren't too demanding. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Ultimately, in thinking that the film could coast by thanks to its cast, The Hitman's Bodyguard suffers from not finding its own niche.
                
                    The mind wanders. There wasn't a lot to distract it in this content-to-be-unimaginative, tenuously scripted (by Tom O'Connor) odd couple B movie.
                
                    But you can't overstate how many familiar elements are awkwardly plugged together here, from fight scene flourishes to obvious punchlines.
                
                    For those who find either Ryan Reynolds or Samuel L. Jackson irritating, watching - or perhaps it would be better to say enduring - this film must be about as enjoyable as being punched in the face.
                
                    Filled with cliches and generic to its core, it misses its mark.
                
                    ...an assault on one's senses for the duration of its extremely padded-out and overlong running time...
                
                    Nobody is going to see a movie like this for an original plot and, to be honest, I wish there was more of this sort of thing being made.
                
                    What should have been a late summer treat is soured by extremely lazy writing and a forgettable plot.
                
                    ... when The Hitman's Bodyguard does work, it works well enough.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard wasted its talented stars and served up a slop that is best watched on a long-haul flight, sandwiched between some non-Pixar animation and a weepy romance with a dying female lead.
                
                    All the ingredients are there, yet the final product fails to deliver.
                
                    Comedy and absurd action taken to the limit, that although it could fall into oblivion like any film of this type we are before a product a little more interesting than it seems in the beginning. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    Outwardly it's all as mindless as can be.
                
                    [It's] is a pedestrian action comedy with more heavy artillery than it knows what to do with and the plotting is depressingly predictable. But with Reynolds at the wheel and Jackson riding shotgun, it's almost worth going along for the ride.
                
                    Situations, dialogues, action scenes and persecutions are carried to the extreme to a point where they're excessive and supplant the narrative or character development, which also secrete exaggeration. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    ...we're never more than a few minutes away from a quip or a kill.
                
                    A gravely unfunny motion picture of the sort that supposes that people screaming invective at each other is close enough to count as a joke.
                
                    "The Hitman's Bodyguard," has one overwhelming positive going for it, and that's the chemistry of the leads Reynolds and Jackson.
                
                    Tom O'Connor's script doesn't know when to quit (half an hour earlier would have been smart); Jake Roberts' editing is sloppy; and director Patrick Hughes seems just along for the ride.
                
                    There's no other word for The Hitman's Bodyguard than garbage. But it's not a failure; it does what it was intended to do, which is to give a showcase to Samuel L. Jackson.
                
                    The LOLs are too few and far-between. If not for Reynolds, Jackson and Hayek, it would have been unwatchable. Even they can only manage to make it slightly less so.
                
                    Samuel Jackson as hitman Darius Kincaid and Ryan Reynolds as his protector, Michael Bryce, turn in hugely enjoyable performances to elevate the run-of-the-mill material.
                
                    I'm genuinely impressed that a director as inexperienced and evidently talent-free as Patrick Hughes (The Expendables 3) was capable of doing so much jaw-droppingly wrong.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard [is] a painfully wretched, gruesomely violent and artlessly vulgar action-comedy that is so devoid of genuine entertainment value.
                
                    The stars complement one another perfectly and, in the weirdest way, organically flesh out undeveloped characters otherwise defined solely by Hollywood clichés. . .
                
                    [Hitman's Bodyguard] is a fun, diverting flick despite its witless derivativeness.
                
                    There's not much else to say about this formula job, which never rises above genre mediocrity, but may satisfy those who find this sort of rampant destruction appealing.
                
                    Fans of Reynolds and Jackson will probably be more than happy to see their favorite actors push each other's buttons.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard is a high-paced romp that touches all the bases of an odd-couple chase movie.
                
                    In a different movie, Reynolds and Jackson might have made a winning team, but here their foul-mouthed joshing seems forced and Jackson, perhaps smelling a rat, sails wildly over the top.
                
                    This bloody-buddy comedy is an adequate vehicle for the combined star hit of Ryan Reynolds and Samuel L Jackson.
                
                    Patrick Hughes's movie is still throwaway tosh, but if I come across it on television one day, I might watch for a while.
                
                    It's supposed to be a dumb film, but it's dumber than it's supposed to be. If you get my drift.
                
                    It all comes together for one big, sloppy cliché, leaving what could have been a fun ride to turn out into a paint-by-numbers mess.
                
                    The films lacks spontaneity but its protagonists save every scene. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The fun banter between the leads barely makes up for this run-of-the-mill, late summer action flick. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    It mixes the violence, the chases, and some quirky humor into a potent late summer cocktail.
                
                    Jokes fall flat and character is defined by big broad strokes.
                
                    The chemistry between Jackson and Reynolds is just enough to keep the action comedy on life support as derelict writing & humdrum action threaten to do in the entire endeavor.
                
                    What this action buddy comedy lacks in originality and plausibility, it makes up for with a whole lot of fun
                
                    Reynolds and Jackson are living proof real talent can elevate the most mundane of material.
                
                    This might have been enough for a great double act but Reynolds and Jackson don't have a molecule of the chemistry of Nick Nolte and Eddie Murphy.
                
                    The film's one achievement is that it comprehensively discredits the concept of "comedy violence": the body count in the first 20 minutes leaves little room for guffaws.
                
                    A cartoonish action comedy that thrives on its silliness, but becomes increasingly more annoying with every ongoing over-the-top violent set piece.
                
                    The whole film feels slightly grubby and low-res, like it's been languishing in private mode on the filmmakers' pre-HD YouTube page since 2008.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard acts as the cinematic mimosa you down after a night of tequila, some $3 hair of the dog Cook's and OJ that eases you into the next day without too much hassle.
                
                    Reynolds and Jackson's cross-country bromance might have raised a smile if only writer Tom O'Connor had bothered to give their characters something remotely funny to say on the journey.
                
                    Like a meal at the Cheesecake Factory, it is filling and unsatisfying.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard is a mediocre action flick elevated by the talent and comedic chemistry of Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds.
                
                    Its familiarity ends up robbing the film, its characters, and those playing them of the opportunity to create something novel or memorable. (Full Content Review for Parents - Violence, Profanity, Nudity, etc. - also Available)
                
                    Bludgeons its way into theaters with a rapid-fire hail of machine gun bullets and filthy jokes, neither of which is capable of hitting a target with any amount of consistency.
                
                    The Hitman's Bodyguard is one of those right-down-the-middle movies. It's neither great nor terrible.
                
                    Better than expected thanks to Jackson-Reynolds bromance chemistry.
                
                    It really doesn't matter that this movie is utterly ridiculous, because the central pairing of Ryan Reynolds with Samuel L. Jackson is so entertaining that we never want it to end.
                
                    Not even the considerable combined talents of Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds can save this uninspired crime caper that harks back to old-school buddy action comedies, but with none of the charm.
                
                    For me, The Hitman's Bodyguard is the epitome of what a summer movie should be.
                
                    What can I say? The world is awful right now. I was really glad to see this movie. We kinda need it.
                
                    The poster is more clever than anything in the movie, which is sporadically funny but completely devoid of personality.
                
                    This is one of those movies where the late-August release proves to be a warning of mediocre material, no matter how much you may happen to dig [Ryan] Reynolds and/or [Samuel L.] Jackson.
                
                    It's a shame, mostly because The Hitman's Bodyguard had the potential to be a weird, funny summer flick.
                
                    The film squanders its best ideas with an abundance of cliches and lackluster execution.
                
                    There's a lot of fun to be had if you don't think too hard about things.
                
                    Not even Reynolds's natural charm seems to work in this poorly constructed frame. It feels like something self-consciously stuck between smug and stupid - like watching Johnny Depp on a talk show.
                
                    There are worse ways to spend a late-summer evening at the multiplex.
                
                    The "we aren't partners, and we aren't friends" strain of buddy-action movie seldom gets played with as much gusto and knowing humor as in The Hitman's Bodyguard, a movie that fires off bullets, jokes and F-bombs with equal frequency.
                
                    While no one is going to mistake The Hitman's Bodyguard for high art, it will please those in the mood for late-summer fun.
                
                    An instantly forgettable film, notable only for its contribution to a disturbing slide in cinematic morality.
                
                    Ignore the overall negative RT splat. This is guilty pleasure & a buddy flick destined to rank with Lethal Weapon, Bev Hills Cop & its cousins. Ryan and Jackson are a blast.
                
                    The political realism doesn't sit well with the exploding cars, singing nuns and quipping killers.
                
                    I won't always love you.
                
                    If you think about any one element in The Hitman's Bodyguard long enough your head might hurt. Don't. You'll be glad you didn't.
                
                    Even with the at times indulgent action scenes, Hitman's Bodyguard is tremendously funny and a great way to cap off the summer movie season.
                
                    A VOD title that lucked into a theatrical release thanks to Reynolds and his "Deadpool" success.
                
                    Works best when it's focused on Samuel L. Jackson and Ryan Reynolds. Everything else in between is dull and generic.
                