
                    A rare beast. It's a summer blockbuster with equal parts brain and brawn.
                
                    The famous masked vigilante has never looked or felt more intense.
                
                    With his smeared whiteface make-up and leering razor-slashed smile, Ledger's Joker is creepy enough to look at, but what he represents is even more chilling.
                
                    The awards hype is warranted.
                
                    The Dark Knight managed to capture something complex and instinctive about the "war on terror" era.
                
                    A masterpiece. Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight is not only one of the greatest comic book movies you'll ever see, but also one of the best films of all-time.
                
                    It seems almost cruel to take beloved child archetypes and turn them into projections for adult angst.
                
                    Heath Ledger gives one of the best performances of the last twenty years. When you watch his take on the Joker, it's one of complete surprise and mystery. It's frightening with how chaotic and mischievous he makes him.
                
                    Ledger's performance alone is good enough to make The Dark Knight a very good movie, but fortunately this is a film with even more than that -- making it the not just the best film of the summer, but one of the best films of the year.
                
                    The Dark Knight represents a masterpiece in filmmaking as Christopher Nolan takes the Batman Begins sequel to an entirely new level.
                
                    The definitive movie of its genre and the best Batman film to date
                
                    Heath Ledger is great.
                
                    The movie's a real neo-noir all right, wallowing in darkness, thrilled with how bad we are, and getting such a kick out of our impending doom it cheers you right up.
                
                    Not just a perfect comic book movie, not just a perfect Batman movie, but darn-near a perfect movie, full stop.
                
                    A film is only as good as its villain. By that standard, The Dark Knight achieves true greatness.
                
                    The Dark Knight always ought to be played on the biggest screen possible, and played loud, like a Led Zepplin song. Director Christopher Nolans' skyscapes, the helicopter shots and views from the 200th floor, are IMAX at its best.
                
                    It might not be the most fun superhero movie ever made, but it's certainly the most mature, complex and intriguing of them all. [Full review in Spanish]
                
                    The Dark Knight may not supply a happy ending, but there is a feeling of exhilaration as Batman rides off from the pursuing cops, and the realization that this is another big step forward for comic book movies.
                
                    The action sequences are like being injected with a shot of adrenalin straight into the heart.
                
                    This may seem like faint praise, but about the highest compliment I can give Christopher Nolan's The Dark Knight right now is to say that there were many long stretches during which I didn't even realize it was a superhero movie
                
                    Too much psychology and not enough pop. It's possible to be too serious, you know.
                
                    Pretty deep stuff from a popcorn picture, and it's one reason why the movie theaters right now are such a rich vein of entertainment.
                
                    One of the most stylish extravaganzas in years.
                
                    As summer movies go, The Dark Knight is head and shoulders above most.
                
                    You will feel utterly numb after the screening of The Dark Knight. The film is bleak and brilliant.
                
                    The Dark Knight may mirror the ethical dilemmas & duplicities of the War on Terror, but it also offers a different, better way through them, with a seriousness that Bush & his clowns were never able to muster
                
                    The weight of expectation should have crushed this movie.
                
                    Nolan has squeezed enough material for a saga into two and a half hours. The action moves insanely fast, the exposition is breathless, and the big setpieces practically tread on each other's heels. Down time doesn't exist in this film.
                
                    Declaring Christopher Nolan's Batman movie to be the best-ever comic book adaptation or one of the top action flicks of all time understates what he accomplishes.
                
                    This is an impressive film in many ways, and Nolan directs with real confidence, yet the overall result feels cumbersome.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a clever, loud, technically brilliant film, superbly designed by Nathan Crowley and dramatically lit by Wally Pfister. Whether such a movie can bear the increasing moral weight imposed upon it is another matter.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a triumph from beginning to end.
                
                    The phenomenal The Dark Knight now reigns as the greatest superhero film of all time. From its exhilarating first frame to its bittersweet last, it sets a new standard for the genre -- and redefines what a summer popcorn movie can be.
                
                    Among the great strengths of The Dark Knight is the way it combines hardboiled naturalism with the kind of stunts and setpieces you expect in summer blockbusters.
                
                    Brilliantly bleak and chillingly Gothic (credit the enthralling cinematography by Wally Pfister), The Dark Knight emerges as the first truly great film of 2008.
                
                    The most thematically sophisticated, most philosophically profound, most narratively complex and most viscerally thrilling super-hero movie of all. It transcends the genre.
                
                    The Dark Knight takes the process a giant leap further, transforming a typical summer blockbuster into a brooding, unsettling reflection on the increasingly blurry boundaries between good and evil.
                
                    Does it match the hype? Yes.
                
                    At two and a half hours, it's a little exhausting, but I honestly can't say what I'd cut.
                
                    Dark, mysterious and pulsating almost from start to finish, Batman's return to the big screen has set a new benchmark for the superhero film, leaving the plethora of recent comic book capers firmly in its wake.
                
                    It's too long and Nolan tosses in too many twists near the end. But it delivers ongoing adrenalin rushes, mental popcorn to chew over and a rich atmosphere to get lost in. And it's impressive enough to rank as summer's strongest blockbuster.
                
                    Most of the film is entertaining. The cast is uniformly excellent and the resounding praise aimed at the late Heath Ledger is deserved.
                
                    Christopher Nolan's rich and engrossing adventure rip-roars across the cinema screen, bullying blockbusters into new territory.
                
                    To talk of Heath Ledger's performance is difficult, merely because, as gigantic as it is, it is only one important feature of an intricately wrought canvas.
                
                    If Batman Begins was the classy hors d'oeuvre in Christopher Nolan's blockbuster trilogy, then this awesome follow-up is a main course that delivers on all levels.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a rarity in Hollywood -- a truly earnest adaptation that in many ways exceeds even the brilliance of the work upon which it is based.
                
                    Nolan's Dark Knight constantly keeps us off-balance and fills us with breathless anticipation for the next stunning turn-of-events. Ask yourself this: How long has it been since you've seen a movie like that?
                
                    The Dark Knight is probably the smartest and most stylish action movie since the "The Matrix." It thinks and philosophizes. The subject it thinks and philosophizes about, perhaps not surprisingly, considering the times, is the Iraq war.
                
                    What you finally receive from The Dark Knight, then, isn't a message but a sensation, which comes from the deliberately twisted form. You learn how it feels to be in a vortex that just keeps sucking you down.
                
                    Once firmly established, the bludgeoning pace of one Joker rampage after another pounds the film's carefully detailed collaboration into mush.
                
                    [The Dark Knight] is the right movie at the right time, especially if you have a burning desire to be excited and depressed simultaneously.
                
                    Sometimes it's easy to overlook the message in a film and just enjoy the action, but not here, as Nolan, Bale, Ledger, Eckhart, and compatriots take viewers on a compelling journey through moral ambiguity and the masks we all wear.
                
                    An exceptionally smart, brooding picture with some terrific performances.
                
                    Were films judged entirely by the emotive impact of their opening and closing images, The Dark Knight would be a masterpiece.
                
                    The glimpse into the Joker's darkness during his documented torture scene is a credit to the devastatingly lost potential of Heath Ledger.
                
                    It's not just the best Batman film ever. It's not just the best superhero movie ever. It's more than a money-spinner, a franchise, a comic-book cash-in. The Dark Knight is a stunning piece of work that deserves every word of praise spoken about it.
                
                    A phenomenal masterpiece whose creators aren't content with simply making a great comic book movie, but craft one that transcends the genre to become one of the best films this decade.
                
                    Thank Warner Bros. for letting Nolan make such a smart, thrilling, emotionally involving, just terrifically well rounded and fully realized entertainment that challenges and elevates notions of what a so-called 'summer blockbuster' can do.
                
                    The Dark Knight is the best kind of sequel -- one that uses its predecessor as a gateway to explore new facets of its characters and its world.
                
                    Visceral and terrifying.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a film that's fantastic on the action front, seeds its acrobatics in its own reality, and always feels relevant even when its ideas are drowned out by clatter.
                
                    Even if this wasn't Ledger's final role before his untimely death last year, his Joker would still go down in cinema history as one of the most creepily unhinged big-screen bad guys of all time.
                
                    More than a comic-book adventure, this is a sprawling crime epic.
                
                    You know you're watching a good movie when it puts a smile on your face right from the start. In the The Dark Knight it may be a twisted grimace but given the right perspective there's enjoyment to be had in even the bleakest subject matter.
                
                    Excellent sequel much darker, more violent than the first.
                
                    Allusions to our current struggles with surveillance, public perception and terrorism are thrown into the mix, adding political immediacy to Nolan's psycho noir.
                
                    To simply call The Dark Knight a high class superhero film undercuts its true value. Themes that concern mans internal struggle with good and evil, and the corruptible nature of the soul, enhances the film to spectacular and often tense heights.
                
                    Bring on part three.
                
                    With his sliced visage, enough knives to supply a steak-house chain, and makeup that makes Courtney Love's bad days look pretty, this Joker is the picture of pure evil.
                
                    Completely lacking in vanity, Ledger creates his finest performance.
                
                    Christopher Nolan is much, much smarter than your average filmmaker.
                
                    Flawed and overrated.
                
                    In this one, Gotham is finally a real city.
                
                    It not only surpasses Batman Begins - previously considered the high-water mark of movies about the Caped Crusader - but one that magnificently transcends the superhero genre.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a masterpiece of the first order, and the first great post-Sept. 11 film.
                
                    Middling as a summer blockbuster, zero as art, and more than a bit alarming as a phenomenon
                
                    najefektniji u trenucima kada se kr%u0161e nepisana pravila
                
                    Heath Ledger is Diana Ross and these other kids are The Supremes. Believe the hype, Mr. Ledger as The Joker is categorically brilliant. The late-great actor turned another Batman movie into a riveting film that will be Oscar worthy only because of him.
                
                    Despite its superhero trappings, The Dark Knight is more a piece of film noir.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a good movie. It has all the ingredients to be a great movie, but it isn't one. I may grudgingly put it on my best-ten-of-the year list (a paltry group at this point), but it could have been so much more. It came so close.
                
                    Can one great character carry an entire movie? ....the answer is obviously yes. Ledger does it.
                
                    The symbiosis of good and evil is the film's philosophical core, and images of duality and cloaked identity are strewn through it like shards from a fun house mirror.
                
                    For all the Oscar buzz surrounding Heath Ledger in the past few weeks, there still aren't enough hours in the day to gush about his knockout performance as The Joker.
                
                    There is enough psychology thrown around to keep film classes in business for years.
                
                    Lacks a sense of humor and a notion about the essential silliness of this premise.
                
                    An amazing piece of filmmaking that rockets the Batman legacy to heights never imagined, fueled by Heath Ledger's amazing re-invention of The Joker.
                
                    In The Dark Knight, when mortals tangle in the affairs of the gods, they get burned.
                
                    The Dark Knight delivered on many fronts.
                
                    a riveting piece of work that will have us all mourning Ledger's loss but smacking our lips for a third entry
                
                    [Ledger gives] a bravura performance full of madness and menace, one that makes this clown truly frightening.
                
                    I say this with a smile from ear to ear, there is too much of a good thing. The Dark Knight is the best adult superhero film of all time.
                
                    The Dark Knight is the best Batman film ever made, the best superhero movie ever made, and the best movie of the year to date.
                
                    This is without a doubt the best -- and most important -- picture of the year.
                
                    The Dark Knight has raised the bar for the comic book superhero genre - it's a Batman movie for grown-ups.
                
                    A big summer blockbuster dripping in characters.
                
                    This film is sure to surpass your wildest expectations. The summer film that is sure to be unforgettable and leave you craving for more.
                
                    ...even if Ledger hadn't died, critics and audiences alike would still be buzzing about the star's turn as The Joker.
                
                    ...we can have not just good comic book movies, but amazing comic book movies.
                
                    relatively high-quality pulp.
                
                    The Dark Knight is neither a good nor a serious film. It is ill-conceived and poorly done, overlong, confusing and emotionally muddy.
                
                    Powerful acting, powerful action, huge IMAX sequences give this Batman a great big commanding feel. However, story is held hostage to action, especially in the second half.
                
                    Nolan gives in a bit to bloated-sequel syndrome ... but this is still one of the most riveting, trilling and wrenching movies of the year.
                
                    It could be the bleakest big-budget adventure since Blade Runner tanked on release near the dawn of the Reagan era.
                
                    ... director Christopher Nolan's much-hyped, long awaited second entry in the Batman franchise is not only fabulous and the best film of the summer, it's possibly the best film of the year, a guaranteed mammoth hit.
                
                    "So here it is: The best superhero movie ever. The Dark Knight deftly accomplishes all one could hope for, and then it surpasses it, and then it continues to surprise. The movie isn't just a triumph, it is that rare pop-culture oddity: A masterpiece."
                
                    ...many excellent moments and action set-pieces...
                
                    Be not fooled, this movie may circle D.A. Harvey Dent, and may toy with Wayne's weariness and loneliness, but this story belongs heart and soul to Ledger's Joker.
                
                    [Ledger's] manic zest gives the film its energy.
                
                    You will exit the cinema with an enhanced respect for Nolan's intelligence, for Wally Pfister's pin-sharp cinematography, and, sadly, for an acting talent tragically curtailed.
                
                    The plot is often impossible to follow. And the film, though dark, isn't as deep as some have claimed.
                
                    An obvious improvement over its immediate predecessor...
                
                    The first five-star blockbuster of the year has arrived, and in style.
                
                    Shouldn't Nolan, marvellous as his directing here is, be creating original films rather than rebooting and retooling franchise fare?
                
                    Watching the first dizzying, vertiginous overhead shot of the glittering skyscrapers and minuscule streets, I literally forgot to breathe for a second or two, and found myself teetering forward on my seat...
                
                    ...a movie that fulfills the promise of the best Hollywood movies in that it offers us transport to an alternate yet recognizable reality.
                
                    Believe the hype. The Dark Knight is, quite simply, the superhero of superhero films.
                
                    A product of these troubled times, the sequel to 2005's Batman Begins includes nods to terrorism, domestic surveillance and even sanctioned torture. But one of its greatest feats is to capture our collective anxiety over the resurgent politics of hope.
                
                    Lo mejor, por lejos: la descollante actuaci칩n p칩stuma de Heath Ledger como el Guas칩n definitivo. Quiz치s el primer blockbuster de culto del siglo XXI.
                
                    Everything you've heard is true...brilliant.
                
                    Hugely entertaining, superbly acted and stunningly designed blockbuster that mixes adult themes with spectacular action and actually leaves you wanting more, despite its lengthy running time.
                
                    thanks to an atypically meaty screenplay, this might very well be the best superhero movie of all time, and is the only film in this genre that is so well crafted that it deserves some serious respect when Oscar season rolls around next year.
                
                    The Dark Knight is both a brilliantly nihilistic, incredibly dark and richly layered filmgoing experience, and a painful reminder of what the film world lost with the senseless death of Heath Ledger.
                
                    It manages to bring together an action film and a thought piece. This is a lot more than we have come to expect from a comic book film.
                
                    The Dark Knight is so thrillingly-executed, primeval and exhilarating, it will forever sear itself into your consciousness. It might also be the most intelligent blockbuster movie ever made.
                
                    Batman and Robin it ain't; it's hard to believe "The Dark Knight" and Joel Schumacher's infamous camp extravaganza even came from the same universe, let alone the same franchise.
                
                    this intelligent, remarkably responsible approach to some of the most pressing issues of our times will make The Dark Knight be remembered, and cherished, long after the summer is over.
                
                    A must-see for Ledger alone, but there's more to it than that. If anything, the film is a grim portrait of our own paranoia, sense of hopelessness and selfishness.
                
                    The Dark Knight is a film steeped in tragedy, sacrifice, and heroism, and the eternal struggle at its core gives it a resonance that makes it one for the ages.
                
                    The action is devastating, high-wire and realistic.
                
                    The darkest and most clever of all of the superhero movies ever made.
                
                    Nolan and company did such an incredible job with this and tied up all the loose ends so well, that it's hard to fathom what they could do and where they could go with a 3rd film. I sincerely hope there isn't another Batman film. You can't top perfection.
                
                    Scripted by Nolan and his brother Jonathan, The Dark Knight is laced with the depths of thematic aspiration that can catapult a summer tentpole into the realms of the mythic.
                
                    A sinister epic that manages to turn its pulp, comic book source into complex and thrilling art for the masses.
                
                    Batman started out as a comic that grew gothic that has turned psychotic. The Dark Knight is one long movie about madness.
                
                    Besides a couple of flaws and Batman's distractingly garbled voice, this is one entertaining superhero crime saga.
                
                    'The Dark Knight' boasts a visual splendor that matches its trenchant themes and inspired performances.
                
                    A stupendous performance by the late Heath Ledger burns this incarnation of The Joker into our psyche as securely as did Jack Nicholson's. But even more than Nicholson, Ledger plays The Joker for real..
                
                    Good, but overrated.
                
                    The hardware is played down this time and the result is character intensive movie that just so happens to have some of the best special effects of the season.
                
                    At one point, all of Gotham believes that Aaron Eckhart is Batman. Indie-man, maybe. Or Blonde with Split Chin-man. But I'd sooner believe that Val Kilmer is Batman. And what are the odds of that?
                