
                    Undeniably, skilfully and wholeheartedly realized by Zack Snyder, the impossible now exists: Watchmen isn't just a movie, it's a great movie.
                
                    Snyder has done a good job of staying true to the source material.
                
                    Outside of Haley's turn as Rorschach, the cast generally flounders on a raft of exposition-heavy words bobbing in an uncaring sea of ambitious visuals.
                
                    Snyder's film is a breath-taking epic, a compelling thriller and an ensemble character piece, far beyond our expectations of the genre.
                
                    Watchmen really does work as a film, by staying loyal to the book while still jettisoning the least cinematic elements. Snyder has flaws as a director - big, serious, massive, obvious flaws - but he's working with a goldmine of material here.
                
                    Watchmen the movie provides ample evidence that more is more, but less might have been closer to Moore in spirit (that is, anarchic, witty and compelling).
                
                    Everything in Watchmen matters: there are no small characters, no false leads, no flab.
                
                    The fanboys who have seen the movie are raving about how faithful the film is to Alan Moore's vision - in fact, some have even suggested that what will annoy the notoriously testy writer the most is that the film actually improves on his ending...
                
                    If you haven't read the source material I think you're going to dislike it even more than I did. So yeah, it's sort of bad news around here.
                
                    It's... not bad.
                
                    This is not just a great superhero film, it's an important political debate.
                
                    Watchmen isn't the best super hero movie ever made, but taken on its own, it's good. Snyder and company might not have made it to the bleachers, but at least they aimed for them, and there is certainly virtue in that.
                
                    Hard to sit through, uneven but ambitious and inspired, and I don't want to see it again.
                
                    A magnificent attempt at Alan Moore's saga and a moving working of art...
                
                    The film is a ballsy, brainy, and thoroughly bloody examination of human nature, pop culture and 'the good old days' that never were.
                
                    Despite its flaws Watchmen is a stunning film that contains far more substance and intrigue than most comic book screen adaptations.
                
                    Watchmen? Watch paint dry? 6 in one hand a half a dozen in the other..
                
                    Watchmen is one of those rare films which manages to intertwine several genres, without becoming a cluttered mess.
                
                    Stylish to a fault, this graphic novel adaptation is never as good as its opening credit sequence.
                
                    Intoxicante ejercicio visual que se aleja completamente de la cinta tradicional de superhéroes para adentrarse en el dilema moral de todo héroe que se sabe finalmente humano.
                
                    Buckets of gore, truckloads of angst, hot superhero sex, full-frontal radiation-monster nudity, soap opera machinations, pulp fiction voice-overs, weekend trips to Mars .. and enough back stories for the next half-dozen superhero movies.
                
                    Zack Snyder's direction is both strikingly beautiful--he and his crew obviously went to great pains to re-create the incredible art from the graphic novel--and strikingly brutal.
                
                    Attempts to add something to the original betray an artistic sensibility summed up with 'Whoa, cool!'
                
                    The brilliant writer of the comic books that this is based on, Alan Moore, is well known for bisexual characters (women mostly, of course), in his work.
                
                    Synder has achieved what many said was impossible; he has in-fact filmed the unfilmable, and arguably done so as well as anyone could have.
                
                    If nothing else, Watchmen is a commendable feat of art direction. As far as finding a narrative rhythm, however, the film could have stood a little rescuing itself.
                
                    On balance I have to come down on the side of the fanboy demographic. "Watchmen" goes to the positive side of the critical scales.
                
                    ...surprisingly entertaining for all its fragmented diversity.
                
                    Watchmen should not have been made into a movie, at least not this movie, but I do hope you fanboys enjoy your three-hour music video of your favorite graphic novel. I am so disappointed in this film for its own sake.
                
                    Fans of the graphic novel will be thrilled to see their beloved tome tenderly rendered out on the big screen, while those unfamiliar with the material will be left wondering why everybody is making such a highbrow fuss.
                
                    The reverential tone stands in the way of storytelling.
                
                    Una adaptación demasiado ambiciosa, hecha con mucho esmero y visualmente impactante, pero que termina agotando al espectador con su acumulación de personajes, anécdotas, subtramas y referencias (...)
                
                    A nearly 3-hour orgy of orchestrated violent vibrancy designed to perpetuate a whole new appreciation for ambitious, unconventional superhero expositions. Robustly confrontational and impishly raw.
                
                    Zack Snyder delivers Alan Moore's epic superhero saga to the silver screen with uncompromising vision and adoration.
                
                    Comic books and movies both tell stories with pictures, but 'Watchmen' demonstrates that the animating spirit of a rich, fully realized graphic novel may be as hard to transfer to the screen as that of any other type of successful literary work.
                
                    'Watchmen' is Campy Fun For Adults!
                
                    I spent most of the movie scorning Snyder's reverence to the original, then spent the last half-hour resenting him for changing my favorite part.
                
                    The biggest problem with "Watchmen" is at the screenplay level. The story just plain isn't told very well
                
                    Dr. Manhattan has the powers of a God. 'And I used them primarily to build a gigantic moving sculpture on Mars,' he says. 'One day, Cher and I will call this our home.'
                
                    A rich, visual tableau in search of a narrative.
                
                    Impressive effects but all its glories are borrowed.
                
                    Watchmen is an entertaining movie, but it's more instead of Moore. In fact, the author previously had taken his name off the project. He knew what the movie form would do to his work -- it would change the tone, the rhythm, and the vision. It did.
                
                    Great book, mediocre adaptation.
                
                    The true auteur behind Watchmen %u2014 other than the graphic novelist Alan Moore %u2014 is cinematographer Larry Fong. In the IMAX version, the visuals are beyond spectacular.
                
                    one comic book ... that genuinely approachesthe complexity and sociological gravity of literature.
                
                    It's not that the movie is bad -- it's definitely not a bad film. The source material, however had the makings of a BRILLIANT film.
                
                    Dr. Manhattan and his huge stimulus package streaking across the universe, history on acid, and glow-in-the-dark guy nudity. Zack and Dave Make A Graphic Movie, in all its darkest and cocky, attention deficit disordered grandeur.
                
                    Basically, with Watchmen, the filmmakers could not win.
                
                    Watchmen isn't a superhero movie, it's a pretentious turkey that thinks it's better than the genre.
                
                    While Moore may never see the final cut - or any cut, for that matter - Snyder's reverence for his brooding prose and the cynical depths of his vision is unmistakable. He has hardly done the author a disservice.
                
                    manages to maintain much of the book's heady philosophical weight, albeit primarily by changing as little as possible from the source material
                
                    Snyder hasn't so much made a film of Watchmen as he's performed taxidermy on it.
                
                    ... a total immersion experience.
                
                    Although still just a comic book of a film this is fascinating and riveting action drama that entertains start to finish
                
                    This movie is way too long, and one more "meaningful" close-up of Dr. Manhattan and I would have run screaming from the theater.
                
                    Jackie Earle Haley steals the show.
                
                    This movie is very deliberately aimed at teenaged boys (soft porn and gore porn) and it should do very well in the video market as well as at the box office.
                
                    I like watching the Watchmen!
                
                    Wow! Your ticket price will buy you a whole lot of movie. Big smooth action, intense emotive acting, complicated plot, steamy romance. This is not a child's comic book flick.
                
                    Adrenaline-seeking young men may be enthralled by Watchmen but the confusing plot made little sense to me.
                
                    "Does this film approximate the feeling and meaning of the book?" and "If the book didn't exist, would this be a good film?" My answer for both of these questions is "No, not really".
                
                    As technically talented as he may be, Snyder is at best a gifted mimic. Far from delivering a unique point of view, he's only able to reproduce what was already represented.
                
                    The movie is so uneven that it sometimes it feels like parody or a gaudy recreation just minutes after achieving some kind of true cinematic bliss.
                
                    Watchmen left me looking at the exit far more often than at the screen.
                
                    Fans of illustrated literature and anyone seeking sure-handed, blustery moviemaking will appreciate 'Watchmen' most of all.
                
                    Finding out about The Comedian, Rorschach and Jon is all great. Yet, there's no human (non-superhero) to root for, so I didn't care if their version of Earth went up in smoke.
                
                    I finished the revered graphic novel half an hour before I saw the movie.Thus, the two of them will be intertwined for me forever. Not that they don't have their differences %u2013 they do, particularly when it comes to the stories' conclusions. But to me
                
                    So muddled and messy for those who have not read Alan Moore's graphic novel, it might be best just not to watch the "Watchmen"
                
                    Unimaginative direction.
                
                    With a film featuring all this violence and with superheroes the last thing you would expect is a film so dreary and tedious.
                
                    For Rorschach, there are clear lines between good and evil, and in this he is the most traditional of the superheroes in Watchmen.
                
                    I can understand many of the changes made in the script, and what went in works logically, but that's a massive difference that shifted the tone of the movie.
                
                    This epic is to superhero movies what The Godfather is to gangster films.
                
                    In my humble opinion, this is probably the best theatrically released film version of Watchmen you could conceivably pull off.
                
                    More interested in mythology, philosophy and genre deconstruction than in cheap thrills.
                
                    ...a fascinating film likely to reward repeated viewings, but just as likely to be discovered on DVD than in the theaters.
                
                    If gore is not your thing, steer clear of this one.
                
                    A morally-ambiguous parable designed to tap into homoerotic urges while satiating the bloodlust of the sanguine, post-Pavlovian Cyber Generation.
                
                    Ponderous and dull, this filmic adaptation of the famous graphic novel proves that great source material, a healthy budget, and technical competence are not enough to make a good movie.
                
                    ...a strange and gorgeous beast indeed, not without problems, a mesmerizing epic folly of the sort hardly anyone attempts any more. It is absolutely sick with ambition...
                
                    Snyder is slavishly reverential to the source work. Too faithful, to the point that film's greatest irony is that it lacks an identity of its own.
                
                    A pretentious, over-long, pseudointellectual mess. Self-indulgent and boring, this overhyped dud is one major waste of time.
                
                    Watchmen is bold and bloated, fascinating and flawed ... but most of all not worth all the super-hype.
                
                    The film could have easily lost an hour on its running time.
                
                    The makers, marketers and producers of Watchmen have worked so hard to keep this community happy that they have lost sight of what makes a film truly exciting: our emotional engagement with the characters and their story.
                
                    There's a saying that a masterpiece has already found its perfect medium. Snyder has done as good a job as anyone could have done. That's a loaded compliment. But as compliments go, it's a huge one.
                
                    Watchmen has taken two decades to get to cinemas. However, the biggest miracle is not that it's finally made it, but that it successfully spins a comic deemed to be unfilmable into a thoughtful, ante-upping blockbuster.
                
                    If you're a fan, you'll already have booked your tickets, and we doubt Snyder's reverential approach to the bleak material will disappoint.
                
                    Through sheer will and fanboy love Snyder has succeeded where Gilliam and Greengrass failed, bringing Watchmen to the screen faithfully and smartly, if not completely.
                
                    Zack Snyder's Watchmen is the Godzilla of the genre, laying waste to any remaining misconceptions.
                
                    It's not crash-bang enough for those who love superhero films, not complex enough for those who hate them. It's flawed, then, but a flawed work of brilliance.
                
                    Holy Blueballs, Watchmen is brilliant but flawed and leaves me just a little bit cold.
                
                    Snyder makes almost all the right plays -- the movie is visually resplendent and remarkably faithful to the source material -- but too often fails to find the heart buried deep within the darkness.
                
                    The film has a stunning look, abundant intelligence, and a blessed retention of most of the ideas that made the graphic novel a classic in its genre. Watchmen gave me a big old nerd-gasm.
                
                    A brilliant piece of cinema and a fantastic adaptation of the original source material. It might not be for everyone, but for the fans, it will be the event of the year.
                
                    A stunning, mind-bending, breathtaking densely-packed motion picture experience.
                
                    Visually, it's eye-popping and gorgeous, and the costumes are a sight to see; but with its heavy adult-themed plot, viewers will be mixed with this artistic approach.
                
                    The CliffsNotes treatment leaves the uninitiated like me wanting more and fans of the comics ticked that director Zack Snyder, his crew and the cast didn't get it quite right.
                
                    I hate to be the bearer of bad news, but unfortunately Snyder's Watchmen is not nearly as special as Moore and Gibbons' graphic novel. Just please take it easy on me. As they say, don't shoot the messenger. Right?
                
                    Whoever chose the music should get thrown out a window, but there are moments of Snyder's 300 visual flair and a few flashes of character magic.
                
                    Deadly dull, dreary,and overly digressive, and even moreso for those unenthusiastic about comic book renderings.
                
                    Not a superhero movie; a dark, gory, complex morality tale.
                
                    The comic's tag line was "Who Watches the Watchmen?" and if you're not among those who are, you're likely missing out on the comic book film of the year.
                
                    Any film that depicts a 'superheroic' rapist-brute as a self-styled parody of America's 'true face' can hardly be accused of thematic squeamishness, and any film that sends readers back to the comic for Moore (and Gibbons) has served the public interest.
                
                    Zack Snyder's film version of Watchmen is a grim and grisly excursion into comic-book mythology.
                
                    [T]there are problems both with the tale, which was an awful lot more subversive 20 years ago than it is today, and the telling, which in contrast to Moore's radical experimentation is disappointingly staid and straightforward.
                
                    A first-rate adaptation of Moore and Gibbons' densely imagined, alternate pop culture history of the world, a dazzling, dystopian fable with a deeply dark heart.
                
                    Except for a few strong performances (balanced out by a few awful ones) and the strength of the ideas at the core of Watchmen, the film is a complete disaster, one of the biggest disappointments of the last several years.
                
                    Rich with vibrant color, visceral action and dynamic characters, Zack Snyder's ambitious adaptation of the acclaimed graphic novel is a visual and psychological feast.
                
                    Not all of it works, but parts of it are spectacular.
                
                    The film really does the graphic novel justice.
                
                    The reverence is inert, the violence noxious, the mythology murky, the tone grandiose, the texture glutinous. It's an alternate version of The Incredibles minus the delight.
                
                    I think Snyder and his writers channel moments of the humanity and humor that's always present in Moore's work.
                
                    The combination of slick and smart works blazingly well.
                
                    Snyder handles all of this lucidly and reverently; the vignettes propel the story, but they won't bring the uninitiated any closer to this dispiriting material.
                
                    The result is cosmetically faithful but tonally scattershot, a frustrating 163 minutes in which every set piece is as likely to land on point as beside it.
                
                    Although Zack Snyder's Watchmen is as lovingly detailed a facsimile as there's ever been of a graphic novel, there's still something lacking.
                
                    There is so much aesthetic pleasure in this film that I was shocked to find how much I was sucked in to its bleak world view. It's almost three hours long, and I needed a good long walk afterwards to clear my head.
                
                    A powerfully good film, one that takes a bunch of familiar ingredients, and whips them up into a stew you've never tasted before.
                
                    A truly extraordinary achievement.
                
                    For all of the ferocious flashes of brilliance achieved by wunderkind director Zack Snyder, there are almost as many fatal flaws.
                
                    It wasn't that I wasn't engaged in some of the (many) story lines, it's just that there was never enough time spent with any particular one to so as to become emotionally involved ... which seem strange to say about a movie 165 minutes long.
                
                    Much more. Snyder and his writers have delivered a faithful translation, spinning the narrative out to 163 minutes -- which, I imagine, will please the novel's extremely vigilant fanbase.
                
                    [Snyder] seems only half aware that every adaptation must be some kind of betrayal - or remain a shadow of its source, like a pattern sketched in the dust of a dead planet.
                
                    I've since rushed out to get hold of the novel, the first comic I've read in about a zillion years. It's fabulous and so is the film. What a pleasant surprise.
                
                    Watchmen is a two-hour, 42 minute ride through a dystopian scape with appropriately twisting and conflicted story lines.
                
                    Snyder's films lavish attention on men who are principled brutes and on women who are sexy, strong and secondary. He's driven by big ideas, but he never seems to consider the problems of macho justice.
                
                    It's a buffet of well-crafted nihilism, made by a director who knows how to depict bloody destruction - but, like Dr. Manhattan, lacking the humanity to understand why it should not be taken lightly.
                
                    [Snyder] ironically embodies the very overindulgence that Rorschach repeatedly points out will be the death of our society.
                
                    Behind the camera is a director whose love of the original comics shines through in every scene, every detail; his determination to do them justice has finally brought this story to the screen in a rich, stirring form.
                
                    You don't need 12-sided dice and a fictitious Canadian girlfriend to "get it," but it certainly helps.
                
                    A thoroughgoing deconstruction of humanity as well as heroism, one that takes its world apart without putting it back together again. There are things to admire here, but Watchmen doesn't make me care.
                
                    Parental Content Review
                
                    Snyder's last-ditch attempt to raise the geeky bar by introducing "real" people dressed up as heroes is more adolescent than adult, as is the addition of e nough soft-core 1970s bump and grind to win an 18 certificate.
                
                    It is dizzy, crazy and quite sexy - when it's not being self-indulgent and pointless. If it doesn't quite hang together or add up, or stick faithfully to the comic-book original, these offences aren't major. What a spectacle.
                
                    You may frequently wonder why Snyder has bothered. But if you want a slavish, often exciting screen translation of Moore and Gibbons' landmark, here it is.
                
                    This is a landmark film for the genre that will impress, amaze and grip but it is not light entertainment.
                
                    This despicable trash will find an audience among sad sociopaths, deranged pseudo-intellectuals and brutalised, immature men of all ages. I just hope that there aren't enough of them to make it a hit. If there are, God help cinema.
                
                    Watchmen is a spectacular visual treat, with special effects to match the ambition of the story. It is way too long... but there is no denying it is a seriously cool and bloody superhero epic.
                
                    The unfilmable has become the unlovable.
                